slug: darwin2003-19.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Unsafe and Insane

jinja-summary: Unsafe and Insane: Mothers often warn that firecrackers can blow your hand off, but as a 26-year-old Australian learned, they can also remove your gonads from the gene pool. An ambulance rushed to an Illawarra park, after receiving ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Unsafe and Insane


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(2003, Australia) Parents often warn that firecrackers can blow your hand
off, but as a 26-year-old Australian learned, they can also remove your
gonads from the gene pool. An ambulance rushed to an Illawarra park after
receiving reports that a man was hemorrhaging from his behind.	The
mercifully unidentified man had placed a lit firecracker between the cheeks
of his buttocks, stumbled, and fell upon it.

"We do caution people against these acts," said Acting Senior Sergeant John
Klepczarek of the local police.

Emergency surgeon Dr. McCurdie said the resulting wound looked like "a war
injury." The explosion was forced upward, "blasted a great hole in the
pelvis, ruptured the urethra, and injured muscles," rendering the man
incontinent as well as sexually dysfunctional.	He survived to tell the
tale, making him eligible for the dubious honor of a Living Darwin Award.

Darwin notes: <I>The title is a play on words, "Safe and Sane" is a brand
of legal firework; insane people cannot actually win Darwin Awards
(<A href="/rules/" target="top">rules</A>) and this winner doesn't show any
signs of insanity.</I>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Iain</A>

jinja-reference: Illawarra Mercury

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


