slug: darwin2004-19.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Terminal Creativity

jinja-summary: Terminal Creativity: Bobby, 51, had trouble getting his truck to start. He couldn't be in two places at once, both working under the hood and pressing the accelerator. Why not take a handy ice scraper, and wedge one end against the accele">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Terminal Creativity


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
jinja-sidebar: <TABLE width="100" border="0" align="right" cellspacing="3" cellpadding="6" background="/i/bgtable.gif">
<TR>
<TD>

<P align="left"><FONT size="-1">Apparently Bobby is in good company
According to Reader Bill Hunt, Playboy Playmate Petra Verkaik almost
killed herself when she started her VW Bus as usual, by using a
screwdriver from underneath the bus. Unfortunately, she had it in
gear and it rolled over her.</FONT></P>


(3 April 2004, Orem, Utah) Bobby, 51, had trouble getting his truck to
start. He couldn't be in two places at once, both working under the hood
and pressing the accelerator. Why not take a handy ice scraper, and wedge
one end against the accelerator and the other end against the seat? Then he
could get under the hood and bypass the starter by connecting terminals on
the starter solenoid.

Success!

Unfortunately he had forgotten to put the truck in neutral and it began
accelerating toward his neighbor's motor home. Police concluded that Bobby
jumped in front of the truck to prevent it from crashing into the motor
home. He was partly successful. A neighbor found him pinned between the
truck and the motor home, nearly dead. Paramedics rushed him to Timpanogos
Regional Hospital, where the car mechanic died from terminal creativity.

<P align="center">
<FONT size="-1">
<A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">
DarwinAwards.com &copy; 1994 - 2022</A> jinja-submitter: <A
HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">d bowman </A>

jinja-reference: Salt Lake Tribune, Provo Daily Herald

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


