slug: darwin2019-01.md
jinja-title-full: 2019 Darwin Award: Rhino Poacher Killed By Elephant And Eaten By Lions

jinja-summary: Rhino Poacher Killed By Elephant: It makes a funny headline, but it's no laughing matter. The elephant-trampled and lion-digested poacher had illegally crept into a national park with murder in mind, for there is ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2019 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Rhino Poacher Killed By Elephant And Eaten By Lions


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(April 2019, South Africa) It makes a funny headline, but it's no laughing matter. The elephant-trampled and lion-digested poacher had illegally crept into a national park with murder in mind, for there is money to be made from a rhino's horn and therefore poachers hunt and kill these big, beautiful animals.

Poor Rhino, sad victim of the human greed for money. Some rhinoceros
species suffered
<A href=https://darwinawards.com/darwin/darwin2019-01.html>recent
extinctions</A> and all species are endangered. Trashing our irreplaceable
planetary home is a Darwin Award in-the-making for doomed
mankind, <I>stupid sapiens.</I>

HUMAN EXTINCTION? Bring it on.

Humans are turning this planet into a bloodthirsty abattoir as we slaughter species after species for no good reason. The killing of rhinoceros is especially barbarous. According to the New York Times article, the target animal is drugged until it can't move, then the horn is hacked off an innocent face and the large mammal is left to bleed to death in agony and fear.

Hey! You rhinoceros-buying barbarian! That money you spend on rhino horn profits criminals who are slaughtering our beloved animal relatives.

I, for one, applaud the Elephants and Lions who cry out for justice.

<P align="center">
<FONT size="-1">
<A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">
jinja-reference: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/07/world/africa/south-africa-poacher-rhino-lions.html

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:





