slug: darwin2011-03.md
jinja-title-full: 2011 Darwin Award: Motorcycle Helmet Law, ex-Protestor

jinja-summary: Motorcycle Helmet Law, ex-Protestor: Protesting motorcycle helmet laws, an Onondaga, NY man was participating in a bare-noggin protest ride when he was killed via flipping over the handlebars. The motorcycle accident injured the nog">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2011 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Motorcycle Helmet Law, ex-Protestor


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(July 2011, New York) Protesting motorcycle helmet laws, an Onondaga, NY man was participating in a bare-noggin protest ride when he was killed via flipping over the handlebars. The motorcycle accident injured the noggin of Mr. Contos, 55, fatally damaging a brain that was unable to determine the physics of the situation. Moreover, he'd do it again if he could, according to his elder brother. "He would have wanted it that way."

Certain laws have physics on their side, obviously, and the laws say one's body cannot walk away from a high-speed physical impact. Laws not subject to repeal. Unprotected--you squash like a bug. Protected--you eat squash for dinner.

Since properly padded and protected men can walk away from a 90-mph crash, protection is prudent when you increase {mass x speed} above a critical threshhold.

Prudent, but sould protection be mandatory? Robert Frost says, "I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way."

Police said Phil "hit his brakes, fishtailed and went out of control, flipping him over the handlebars." What we, the Darwin Awards committee, would like to know--and news reports don't explain--is just how he went over the handlebars?

<A href="http://www.darwinawards.com/slush/201107/pending20110702-180743.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-reference: SAmerican Bikers Aimed Towards Education, Syracuse.com, Independentmail.com, thedenverchannel.com, syracuse.com

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2011.html -->


