slug: darwin2010-04.md
jinja-title-full: 2010 Darwin Award: Glacier Erasure

jinja-summary: Glacier Erasure: Another account from the archives of a 30-year ER MD. In the late fall and early winter months, snow-covered mountains become infested with hunters. One ambitious pair climbed high up a mountain in search of their q">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "falling, weather, medical, hunting">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2010 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Glacier Erasure

Unconfirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft
Another account from the archives of a 30-year ER MD.

In the late fall and early winter months, snow-covered mountains become infested with hunters. One ambitious pair climbed high up a mountain in search of their quarry. The trail crossed a small glacier that had crusted over. The lead hunter had to stomp a foot-hold in the snow, one step at a time, in order to cross the glacier.

Somewhere near the middle of the glacier, his next stomp hit not snow but a rock. The lead hunter lost his footing and fell. Down the crusty glacier he zipped, off the edge and out of sight.

Unable to help, his companion watched him slide away. After a while, he shouted out, "Are you OK?"

"Yes!" came the answer.

Reasoning that it was a quick way off the glacier, the second hunter plopped down and accelerated down the ice, following his friend. There, just over the edge of the glacier, was his friend...holding onto the top of a tree that barely protruded from the snow.

There were no other treetops nearby, nothing to grab, nothing but a hundred-foot drop onto the rocks below. As the second hunter shot past the first, he uttered his final epitaph: a single word, which we may not utter lest our mothers soap our mouths.

Category: hunting, weather, falling

<A href="http://darwinawards.com/slush/200802/pending20080208-185802.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-reference: The archives of an MD with 30 years in the ER.

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2010.html -->


