slug: darwin2001-30.md
jinja-title-full: 2001 Darwin Award: Slow Learner

jinja-summary: Slow Learner: Brandon, 21, was driving to the courthouse to face charges of reckless driving, speeding, driving without a license, and failure to wear seat belts, when he lost control of his speeding vehicle. The Hyundai crossed the me">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2001 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Slow Learner

Unconfirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft

(23 March 2001, Virginia) Brandon, 21, was driving to the courthouse to face charges of reckless driving, speeding, driving without a license, and failure to wear seat belts, when he lost control of his speeding vehicle. The Hyundai crossed the median of Interstate 64 and collided with a truck pulling a flatbed trailer carrying three cars. As luck would have it, Brandon had again chosen not to wear his seatbelt. He was ejected from the car, and died at the scene. <!-- Brandon Lee Bogan, 21, of the 2100 block of Cromwell Court -->

(March 2001, North Carolina) Justin's tale is more complicated, but his fate is equally apt. A failure to wear his seatbelt led him to 18 days in a coma, after he crashed his car at 90 miles per hour and was ejected from a window. But that was only the first of his mistakes. One year later, Justin was riding with a friend, again sans seatbelt, when the speeding vehicle careened off the pavement. Once again he was involuntarily ejected from the window, only this time he was killed on impact. <!-- Justin Gainey, Dunn, NC -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-bigbadwolf571@yahoo.com">Ryan Adams</A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-fu2@evansville.edu ">Frank Underwood</A>

jinja-reference: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-dchernicky@dailypress.com">David Chernicky</A> of the Norfolk Daily Press, Raleigh News & Observer

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2001.html -->


