slug: darwin2010-05.md
jinja-title-full: 2010 Darwin Award: The Burdens Of Our Fathers

jinja-summary: The Burdens Of Our Fathers: A thirty-five-year-old man from Braila was only trying to fix a soil tamper, when the broken tool turned evil. The metal handle of this 'family heirloom' had rusted loose and the man was trying to weld it">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2010 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: The Burdens Of Our Fathers

Unconfirmed by Darwin
jinja-status: draft
(April 2010, Romania) A thirty-five-year-old man from Braila was only
trying to fix a broken soil tamper, a tool his father had made himself and
used for decades. The metal handle of this family heirloom had rusted
loose and our man was trying to weld it back into position, but
unfortunately he was welding the metal rod onto an antique WWII cannon
shell.

Yes, the family had been banging a<I> cannon shell</I> against the garden
dirt for two generations!

Specialists from the Bucharest ISU (General Institute for Emergency
Situations) stated that the first weld had been made in a harmless
position, but the second weld was made in exactly the wrong spot. The heat
triggered the shell to explode, mortally wounding the man. In his defense,
<B>he was sure the projectile was harmless</B> because his father had used
it to compact earth for almost 40 years.

<I>If one generation doesn't get it right, the next does.</I>

<A href="http://www.darwinawards.com/slush/201004/pending20100430-134343.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-reference: http://stirileprotv.ro

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:

<FONT size=-1><B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
"He has outdone his father."<BR>
</FONT>



<!--#include file=nav_2010.html -->


