slug: darwin2004-20.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Cold Call

jinja-summary: Cold Call: A high school student accidentally dropped his cell phone from the Dorset Avenue Bridge on a wintry Sunday. Fortunately the river had iced over, so the phone landed on the ice, apparently intact. To a dedicated cell-phone">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Cold Call


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(20 January 2004, Ventnor, New Jersey) A high school student accidentally
dropped his cell phone from the Dorset Avenue Bridge. Fortunately the
river had frozen over, so the phone landed on the ice, apparently intact.
To a dedicated cell phone user, losing one's phone is like losing an
appendage. And what loyal friend would not try to retrieve your arm or leg
if it had somehow fallen off a bridge and landed on thin ice? The survival
of our species depends on mutual support.

Two days later, Bruce, 17, volunteered to fetch the phone. He figured the
ice, which was only an inch thick in places, was strong enough to hold him
for the rescue mission.	 Another friend urged Bruce to give up and go back
to shore. "I can do it," Bruce insisted.

A bridge attendant also warned him to stay off the ice, but, as his mother
explained, "It's just something Bruce would have done."	 The attendant
rushed to his post to call the police.	He was on the phone when a
bystander told him that someone had fallen in.	An officer arrived at the
scene moments later to find Bruce partially submerged in the 35-degree
water.	The officer dashed to his car for a rescue buoy. When he returned,
Bruce had already gone under. His body was recovered the next morning.

Bruce did not die in vain. The cell phone was recovered.

(10 February 2004, New York) Exactly three weeks later, 18-year-old Lina,
of Queens, jumped onto the subway tracks to retrieve her new cell phone
just as the V train was rounding the corner into the Grand Avenue station.
She apparently expected to hop right back up onto the platform, five feet
above the tracks, but after two attempts, she was still stuck.	As the
lights of the oncoming train shone in the tunnel, two men tried to pull her
up, but she was knocked out of their hands as the train rushed into the
station, emergency brakes squealing. She died along with her cell phone.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Let the cell phone go!"<BR>
"And we think our cell phone bills are high!"<BR>
"Proof that using a cell phone causes brain damage?"
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Kevin Eliasen</A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Jimi </A>

jinja-reference: Philadelphia Inquirer, New York Post; New York Daily News

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


