slug: darwin2000-31.md
jinja-title-full: 2000 Darwin Award: Chute Boy

jinja-summary: Chute Boy: Drunken teens dare dive down trash chute. Man trashed. It was a dare that Sheldon, 25, will literally never take again. This party animal arrived at a Calgary apartment after an evening at a bar with his drinking buddies. It">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2000 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Chute Boy


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
<CENTER>
<I>
Drunken teens dare dive down trash chute.<BR>
Man trashed.
</I>
</CENTER>

(14 July 2000, Canada) It was a dare that Sheldon, 25, will literally never take again. He and a group of friends found themselves at a Calgary apartment after an evening spent at a local bar. It was there that a joking challenge was issued. "Who wants to ride the in-house water slide?" The slide was actually a garbage chute. Sheldon volunteered, tumbled into the opening, and his subsequent headlong slide beat the standard elevator service down to the first floor. An unforgiving trash compactor awaited his arrival, and friends administered CPR there until emergency crews arrived at the scene. But they were too late. The 12-story fall had already dispatched Sheldon to his Darwinian demise.
<P>His obituary was simple and understated. &quot;Sheldon, age 25 years, passed away accidentally... Memorial donations may be made to Goose Lake High Educational Foundation Inc., for a Community College Bursary in Sheldon's memory c/o Mr. Boris Bugera, Box 759, Roblin, MB, R0L 1P0.&quot;
<P align="center"><FONT size="-7"><A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">DarwinAwards.com &copy; 1994 - 2022<BR>
</A></FONT><FONT size="-1">Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-sibbald.stephen@ic.gc.ca">Steve Sibbald</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-mike_helfer@hotmail.com">Mike Helfer</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-fifthave_officesolutions@transcanada.com">Chris</A></FONT><FONT size="-1">, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-Katzedecimal@yahoo.com">Ronnie Lee Ellis</A><BR>
Reference: Calgary Police Service Releases, Ottawa Citizen, Calgary Herald</FONT>

<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->



</H2>
</CENTER>

<!--#include file=nav_2000.html -->


