slug: darwin1999-57.md
jinja-title-full: 1999 Darwin Award: Love Crushed Sex

jinja-summary: Love Crushed Sex : Okeechobee County investigators believe the death of Bryan, 28, was related to his wife's habit of stomping rabbits and mice for sexual pleasure. Stephanie, 29, was sentenced to two years of probation and community s">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1999 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Love Crushed Sex


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(June 1999, Florida) Okeechobee County investigators believe the death of Bryan, 28, was related to his wife's habit of stomping rabbits and mice for sexual pleasure. Stephanie, 29, was sentenced to two years of probation and community service for the death of her husband Bryan, who was found in a pit with a board over his body, crushed beneath the rear wheel of his sports utility vehicle.

Stephanie did not deny that she drove over her husband, but in her own defence she released tapes to the police showing her stomping small mammals to death.
She was identified by a cryptic tattoo on her lower leg.

Such "crush" videos are sold to people who derive sexual pleasure from the sight of death, especially at the hands of a woman. "It was abhorrent and cruel," said Assistant State Attorney Bernard Romero. "My first instinct was to seek the maximum penalty."

But Stephanie contended that she was an unwilling participant in the videos, and had been beaten many times by her husband prior to his bizarre death. Stephanie was charged in July with two counts of felony animal cruelty, which were later reduced to misdemeanors.

As for her husband, his death under the wheels of his car was presumably a loving sex act between consenting adults. But a man who would lie in a special pit while a woman he groomed for "crush" videos drove over him, shouldn't be surprised when he winds up holding a Darwin Award.
<P align="center"><FONT size="-7"><A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">DarwinAwards.com &copy; 1994 - 2022</A></FONT>
<P align="center"><FONT size="-1">Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-dale.dutsch@wilcom.com">Okie</A></FONT></P>
<P align="center"><FONT size="-1">Reference: Florida Sun-Sentinel, CNN</FONT></P>

</article>

<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar" -->



</H2>
</CENTER>

<!--#include file=nav_1999.html -->


