slug: darwin2004-03.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Closer Look at Victoria Falls

jinja-summary: Closer Look at Victoria Falls: 31 December 2004, Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe The 100-year-old Victoria Falls Bridge links Zimbabwe and Zambia offering a spectacular view of the 80-meter chasm. Continuous spray from the massive waterfal">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Closer Look at Victoria Falls


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(31 December 2004, Zimbabwe) The 100-year-old Victoria Falls Bridge,
linking Zimbabwe and Zambia, offers a spectacular view of the 80-meter
chasm.	Continuous spray from the massive waterfall makes the rocks and
vegetation along the lip as slippery as a slide at a water park, but far
less tolerant of error.

While taking pictures at the falls with his girlfriend on New Year's Eve,
Michael, 50, dropped his spectacles over the rim. He would hardly be able
to enjoy the view without them, so he decided to retrieve them.

He was intelligent enough to be aware of the risk. Headmaster at Summit
College in Johannesburg, and a highly regarded lecturer at geography
conferences, he knew how to assess the physical world.	Edging out on the
slick rim, reaching towards his glasses -- he slipped -- and fell 40 meters
to his death. His body was recovered by helicopter. <!-- Michael John
Drake-->

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
Heed this lesson before your trip to the "falls!"<BR>
<A href="http://darwinawards.com/slush/200501/pending20050104-043339.html">MEDIA REFERENCES</A>
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Johan Groenewald</A>

jinja-reference: Mail & Guardian

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


