slug: darwin2003-15.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Killer Shades

jinja-summary: Killer Shades: Barry Bonds had just made the last out at the bottom of the eighth inning. By coincidence, Todd Edward Adams, a Hawaiian surfer dude who had recently relocated to Santa Cruz for the gnarly waves at Maverick's, was bum">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Killer Shades


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(17 September 2003, California) Barry Bonds had just made the last out at
the bottom of the eighth. At that very moment, Todd had just bummed one
last beer from a new friend at the San Francisco Giants' ballpark.

Todd was leaning on railing of the Arcade port walk, getting to the "bottom
eighth" of his beer, when his Maui Jim designer sunglasses slipped off the
top of his head. Down they fell, landing twenty-five feet below, where a
helpful bum picked them up and tried to toss them back.	 But it was too
far! Todd called out that he was coming down to get them.

Todd had recently relocated to Santa Cruz for the gnarly waves at
Maverick's. His wife described him as "a passionate surfer" talented
enough to turn pro. Perhaps his sense of physical prowess was his
downfall. The agile 38-year-old considered and rejected the long walk
down, in favor of a quicker alternative. He climbed over the railing,
jumped to perch on a light sconce five feet below, then dropped like Tarzan
to the ground, gratefully reclaiming his shades from the bum.

At least, that was the plan. And the first part, climbing the railing,
went fine. The second part was more problematic. Todd missed the sconce
and "came down like a pancake," according to a startled observer a few feet
from the point of impact. The crowd was shocked into silence.	Why would
anyone risk their life for a pair of shades?

jinja-sidebar: <TABLE width="100" border="0" align="right" cellspacing="3" cellpadding="6" background="/i/bgtable.gif">
<TR>
<TD>

<P align="right"><FONT size="-1"><B>*Maui Jim</B> sunglasses retail
for as much as $200.</FONT></P>


Todd would have been chagrined to hear the observer's next words. "They
looked cheap," he said, apologizing, "I don't know sunglasses brands."
<!-- Todd Edward Adams -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">David Bertoldi</A>

jinja-reference: San Francisco Examiner, San Jose Mercury News, Santa Cruz Sentinal

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


