slug: darwin2002-02.md
jinja-title-full: 2002 Darwin Award: Depth of a Fisherman

jinja-summary: Depth of a Fisherman: A	 fisherman was swept away from the wild West Coast beaches of Auckland, pushed to sea by 12-foot swells encountered after ignoring warnings of the impending danger. Onlookers could only look on in conditions too">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2002 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Depth of a Fisherman


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

(9 January 2002, New Zealand) A	 fisherman was swept away from the wild West Coast beaches of Auckland, pushed to sea by 12-foot swells encountered after ignoring warnings of the impending danger.

Onlookers could only look on in conditions too poor to allow for a rescue attempt. A Surf Lifesaver reported seeing the man standing and fishing as swells broke over his head in the wake of the oncoming gale.

His body was recovered not far from the rocks.

He is not the first fisherman to drown recently off the West Coast beach. Another man tied himself to the rocks to prevent being swept away, and was drowned by the incoming tide.

<A href="http://www.abc.net.au/pm/s252440.htm">A story of yet another fisherman's odd capsize.</A>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: Mike Peters

jinja-reference: New Zealand Herald

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2002.html -->


