slug: darwin2003-02.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Dying for a Ciggie

jinja-summary: Dying for a Ciggie: National Express runs bus services throughout the UK. The service between Aberdeen and London takes approximately 12 hours. There's no smoking on the coach, making it a long trip for smokers. Sandra, 43, was ridi">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Dying for a Ciggie


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
<P>(17 June 2003, United Kingdom) The National Express bus service between
Aberdeen and London takes approximately twelve hours, with NO SMOKING on
the coach. A 43-year-old woman was riding south from Glasgow, and as the
miles rolled by, she became more and more desperate for a cigarette. It's
a long trip for addicts.

The coach stopped at Carlisle--at last, she could satisfy her craving!
But no, she was not allowed off the coach. She sat in her seat, becoming
more agitated by the mile. She was craving a cigarette. She was
fuming.

Fellow passengers said she became increasingly anxious as the journey
continued, and started shouting that she wanted off. However, the coach
was on a motorway at the time.	It was not permitted to stop, save for
emergencies.

Somewhere between Shap and Penrith, passengers saw the woman push
against the passenger door in the middle of the lower deck. She couldn't
be trying to get off to smoke, could she?

Oh, yes she could!</P>

Police concluded that the coach was traveling approximately sixty miles per
hour. Our involuntary non-smoker was crushed beneath its wheels. At that
point, the coach did make that hoped-for emergency stop, but life is not
fair. Unlike a condemned man, our heroine never did get that last
cigarette.</P>

<HR noshade>

<P><B>Darwin says, "At the request of family, </B>, I have removed the
woman's name, and a cartoon drawing. If anyone knows a mitigating reason
why this woman should not be considered a warning to others, I do believe her
final epitaph must include not only her her well-described love for friends
and family, but also the warning, "Do not step off a moving bus, or
<I>smoking will kill</I>."</B></P>

<!-- Sandra Ferguson -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">charles emberton</A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Tracy</A>

jinja-reference: BBC News, The Sun, Ananova.com

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


