slug: darwin2004-27.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Chicken to Go

jinja-summary: Chicken to Go: Constantin, 67, lived in a formerly peaceful village near Galati. But lately Constantin just couldn't get any sleep, all because of a single noisy chicken. Night after night he dreamed of wringing its neck, or even be">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Chicken to Go

2004 Darwin Award Winner
jinja-status: draft
(3 October 2004, Galati, Romania) Constantin, 67, lived in a formerly
peaceful village near Galati. But lately Constantin couldn't get any
sleep, all because of a single noisy chicken. Night after night he dreamed
of wringing its neck, or even better, chopping its head off and eating it.
One night, he finally had enough. He roused himself from bed and headed
out to the yard in his underwear, determined to bring silence to his home.

The sleep-deprived villager grabbed that chicken by the neck and chopped
its head right off. Only then did he realize that he had confused his own
penis for the chicken's neck. While Constantin stood stunned by his folly,
his dog rushed over and gobbled up the treat.

He was rushed to the hospital, bleeding heavily. Doctors sewed up the
wound and pronounced him out of danger.	 He is also in no danger of
reproducing.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Justin Hand, Guy Walters, Nikki N., Terrell Crutchfield, Will Sohn, Jess, Ed Post, Daniel Gutman, and dozens more</A>

jinja-reference: Reuters

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


