slug: darwin2000-33.md
jinja-title-full: 2000 Darwin Award: Concrete Cylinder Roll

jinja-summary: Concrete Cylinder Roll: Enrico, 15, and his friends decided to take a break from the European soccer ritual one afternoon and play with some construction equipment laying near a field. In a bid to impress his friends, Enrico agreed to ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2000 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Concrete Cylinder Roll


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(31 July 2000, Italy) Enrico, 15, and his friends decided to take a break from the European soccer ritual one afternoon and play with some construction equipment laying near a field. In a bid to impress his friends, Enrico agreed to let them roll him around inside a large concrete tube, which was a meter in diameter and used in building aqueducts.

Enrico donned his safety helmet and entered the tube, and the rolling commenced.

Unfortunately, the helmet precaution was ineffective. The tube broke into
several heavy pieces and crushed the boy's torso. Italian paramedics rushed
to the scene and arrived an hour later, but it was too late. Enrico died
soon after in a nearby hospital. <!-- Enrico Benone -->
<!-- Comment removed on reader request: Reports say that the people of his native Italian village have vowed to commemorate the boy's death each night by gorging themselves on pasta and yelling at one other. -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-g.gambardella@tdd.it Guido Gambardella">Guido Gambardella</A>
jinja-authors:  <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-uncleduke1@yahoo.com">Troy Plattner</A>
jinja-reference: Corriere della Sera, La Repubblica, La Stampa



</H2>
</CENTER>

<!--#include file=nav_2000.html -->


