slug: darwin2003-09.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Master Welder

jinja-summary: Master Welder: I heard this on radio and happened to pass the house the next day. A homeowner was doing some welding on the roof of his house at Port Macquarie in NSW. He had problems with his oxy tanks slipping, so he decided to tack ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Master Welder

Unconfirmed by Darwin
jinja-status: draft
(February 2003, Australia) I heard this on radio and happened to pass the
house the next day. A homeowner was doing some welding on the roof of his
house at Port Macquarie in New South Wales. He had problems with his
oxyacetylene tanks slipping, so he decided to tack weld them to the roofing
iron. That was the last thing he ever did. When I passed the house the next
day, there wasn't much left of the roof on that side of the house.

Darwin says, "Could this actually happen? A request for confirmation on
www.DarwinAwards.com went unanswered, but details were discussed. The
incident occurred in Australia, home to many metal roofs, where repairs are
often most easily accomplished using oxyacetylene welding instead of less
volatile forms of electric-arc welding.	 Pure acetylene is explosive at a
mere 15 pounds of pressure per square inch, and can also explode when
exposed to air.	 So what happened here?	 One possibility is that our
homeowner, blithely blow-torching the tank for the tack weld, heated it and
created enough pressure to turn it into a giant bomb. Another possibility
is that the weld weakened the tank enough to allow a leak, which exposed
the acetylene to air: KABOOM. A third possibility is that the heat
increased the pressure, which popped open relief valves, creating a
blowtorch with a 6,000-degree (F) flame, easily hot enough to melt part of
the roof and catch the wooden framing on fire.	A fourth possibility is
that the tank's relief valve turned it into a flaming rocket, which shot
into the house and set the whole place on fire.	 The only sure thing is
that the homeowner found a new home in the annals of the Darwin Awards.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Kev</A>

jinja-reference: Radio

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


