slug: darwin2005-11.md
jinja-title-full: 2005 Darwin Award: Rocketing to Glory

jinja-summary: Rocketing to Glory: Fireworks are a longstanding lunar New Year's tradition among Malaysia's large Chinese minority and continue to be widely used to celebrate, despite a ban on their sale and use. Wan, a 29-year-old excavator opera">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2005 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Rocketing to Glory


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(7 February 2005, Malaysia) Fireworks are a longstanding lunar New Year's
tradition among Malaysia's large Chinese minority, and continue to be
widely used to celebrate, despite a ban on their saleS and use.

Wan, a 29-year-old excavator operator, spent the evening watching people
set off fireworks outside a suburban Kuala Lumpur nightclub. These were no
mere firecrackers. They were rockets that shot as high as a ten-story
building before exploding.

His curiosity piqued, Wan bent over one of the launching tubes for a closer
look, wondering how these powerful rockets worked. He was peering down the
tube when it fired, sending him flying ten meters. He died instantly from
severe head injuries, according to a senior police official.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Can you say "Fire in the Hole!"? I knew that you could!"
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Azhar Sukri </A>

jinja-reference: The Star and Associated Press

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2005.html -->


