slug: darwin2021-03.md
jinja-title-full: Struck Speechless

jinja-summary: Struck Speechless: Roll a fat cigar of brainpower for two mental midges who climbed out of their vehicles on busy Interstate 80 to argue about who slammed into whom. In short order both argle bargle bots got slammed, this time withou">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/darwin2021-03.png">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2021 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Struck Speechless

jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft

jinja-image-splash: /i/darwin2021-03.png"
jinja-image-alt: Two Cars Collide Cartoon">

12 Sept 2021, Berkeley CALIFORNIA | Roll a fat cigar of brainpower for two
mental midges who climbed out of their vehicles on busy Interstate 80 to
argue about who slammed into whom. In short order both argle bargles got
slammed into again, this time without the protection of a metal cage.

<div id=sidebar2 style="float:left; width: 25%; font-size: 0.9em;
font-weight: bold">Situational Awareness:<br>It's A Thing.</div>

The second crash occurred at 1:30AM when a hapless Mini Cooper driver
swerved to avoid the Dodge Durango and Chevy Malibu wrecks, accidentally
colliding with the men. A lesson we all should remember is that neither
dead driver cares about that dispute anymore. Learn from the mistakes of
others. Two men paid a steep price for their situational unawareness.

It was also not fair to the traumatized Mini Cooper motorist. Alcohol or
drugs do not appear to be a factor--just ordinary lack of common sense. And
THAT is our daily Darwin Award, something we see quite too much of.

jinja-reference: <A href="https://www.eastbaytimes.com/2021/09/12/berkeley-two-men-who-got-out-of-their-vehicles-to-argue-after-crash-struck-killed-on-i-80/">eastbaytimes.com</A><br><A href="https://www.mercurynews.com/2021/09/12/berkeley-two-men-who-got-out-of-their-vehicles-to-argue-after-crash-struck-killed-on-i-80/">San Jose Mercury News</A>

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:





