slug: darwin2005-06.md
jinja-title-full: 2005 Darwin Award: Heck on Wheels

jinja-summary: Heck on Wheels: Late one night, 26-year-old Joseph was blazing down the road in the Chain O'Lakes district of Syracuse on his Yamaha moped. When he saw flashing lights in his rear-view mirror, well... with the wind whistling through">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2005 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Heck on Wheels


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(17 April 2005, Syracuse, Indiana) Late one night, 26-year-old Joseph was
blazing down the road in the Chain O'Lakes district on his Yamaha moped.
When he saw flashing lights in his rear-view mirror, well... with the wind
whistling through his ears, he apparently concluded that his moped could
outrun a police cruiser. This hard-boiled Heck's Angels wannabe revved his
engine and roared off.

The speedometer needle flashed past 10--20--30mph, and within a minute, it
was in the red zone at a blinding 40 mph. But no matter how fast Joseph
went, he was unable to shake the pursuing police officer from his tail!	 If
only he had a spare <A href="/darwin/darwin1995-04.html">JATO</A>!

The two-stroke engine was buzzing like a hummingbird from the strain of the
chase.	Perhaps he was thinking, "You'll never take me alive, copper!" as
he sped through the intersection. Whatever his last thoughts were, Joseph
lost control of his would-be road rocket, crashed into a tree, and died
instantly.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Whatever this guy was smoking, I want some!"<BR>
"You'll never take me alive copper!"<BR>
"Didn't you and Esh try this in Stillwater once, Fish?"<BR>
"As I read this, I see brother John riding down 202 to ConVal on that stupid
moped."

</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Mark Landes</A>

jinja-reference: Warsaw Times-Union, wlzq.com, wndu.com

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2005.html -->


