slug: darwin2009-23.md
jinja-title-full: 2009 Darwin Award: Muffled Explosion

jinja-summary: Muffled Explosion: An embarrassed and seriously injured 17-year-old initially claimed that an explosive had been planted in his backpack by persons unknown. However, police investigators soon extracted the truth from the feckless te">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "explosion, livingdarwin, macho">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2009 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Muffled Explosion


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(10 January 2009, Pennsylvania) An embarrassed and seriously injured 17-year-old initially claimed that an explosive had been planted in his backpack by persons unknown. However, police investigators soon extracted the truth from the feckless teen.

He found an M-80 explosive at his grandmother's house, took it to his room to examine it, and began to repeatedly light and extinguish the fuse. During one of these cycles the fuse would not go out, so he jammed the red cardboard tube between his thighs and covered it with his hand to muffle the explosion. This plan was less successful than he had hoped.

Commonly thought to be a quarter stick of dynamite, M80's (according to pyrouniverse.com) actually contain flash powder rather than TNT, and only 1/50 the amount--just under 3 grams. Used by the U.S. Military to simulate grenade explosions, M80's were outlawed in 1966 under the Child Protection Act.

They are not safe enough to be detonated by the average man on the average street, let alone by the average 17-year-old. One loud KABOOM! later, our junior pyrotechnics specialist had lost his right hand, right leg, and--very likely--his right to reproduce, earning him a living Darwin Award.

* As always, my regrets to the boy and his family.

<A href="http://darwinawards.com/slush/200901/pending20090128-074847.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: lbs, Pamela Childs, Galen Grimes, Heather Good, Marshall Fletcher

jinja-reference: WPXI News, Pittsburgh Tribune Review, pittsburghlive.com, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2009.html -->


