slug: darwin2006-14.md
jinja-title-full: 2006 Darwin Award: The Human Bottle Rocket

jinja-summary: The Human Bottle Rocket: EVOLUTION PRESENTS: The Human Bottle Rocket AT-RISK SURVIVOR. We think. Could be a Darwin Award. category: private parts, fireworks Incident circa November 8, 2006. News only now reaching the ears of Charles">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2006 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: The Human Bottle Rocket


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
EVOLUTION Presents: The Human BOTTLE Rocket.
AT-RISK Survivor. We think. Could be a Darwin Award.

category: private parts, fireworks

Incident circa November 8, 2006. News only now reaching the ears of Charles
Darwin. From HIS ears to your eyes. Sunderland, England paramedics found a
prone man suffering injuries including a scorched colon, caused by a Black
Cat Thunderbolt rocket. The 22-year-old had, unbelievably, inserted this
rocket in his back side, laid down on his front side, and lit the fuse in
an attempt to make the rocket fly up into the air. But it was pointing the
other way! The regional Firework Association chairman spoke for us all when
he said, "This sort of thing is beyond belief."

<A href="http://www.darwinawards.com/slush/201008/pending20100809-123600.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: Neil Boulton

jinja-reference: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/wear/6132140.stm, sunderlandecho.com, guardian.co.uk, dailymail.co.uk

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2006.html -->


