slug: darwin1994-20.md
jinja-title-full: 1994 Darwin Award: "Hazard Befell Him"

jinja-summary: 'Hazard Befell Him': Late one March evening, Bruce Thompson woke up at the foot of a utility pole in the woods, his dog asleep by his side, and a crispy, dead raccoon nearby. Thompson realized he had suffered severe burns on his for">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1994 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: "Hazard Befell Him"


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(27 March 1981, Indiana) Late one March evening, Bruce awoke at the foot of
a utility pole in the woods, his dog asleep by his side and a crispy, dead
raccoon nearby.	 Bruce was alarmed to discover severe burns on his
forearms, hands and genitals, which were eventually amputated.

What happened? The details came out in court, when Bruce sued the utility
company for removing him from the gene pool.

He had been out 'coon hunting when his dog caught the scent and chased a
raccoon up a power pole. The raccoon perched on a glass insulator. Bruce
was prepared for just such an event. He strapped his trusty steel pole
climbers to his boots, and made his way up the pole...

The court found Bruce contributory negligent, stating succinctly, "It [is]
clear that, in climbing the utility pole, slapping and squalling at the
raccoon, thereby agitating it when it was perilously close to charged
wires, Bruce should have appreciated the hazard that ultimately befell
him." <!-- Bruce Thompson -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Suzanne Core</A>

jinja-reference: 1986 Ind. App. LEXIS 3134

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_1994.html -->


