slug: darwin1994-13.md
jinja-title-full: 1989 Darwin Award: Kung Fu Lion

<META name="description" content="1988 Darwin Award: Kung Fu Lion: A rather impressionable student of kung fu was listened with rapt attention when his instructor dramatically informed the class, "Now that you have reached this level in your training, you can kill wild animals with bare">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1993 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Kung Fu Lion

Confirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft
<P>(Late 1989, Australia) A rather impressionable student of kung fu
listened with rapt attention when his instructor dramatically informed the
class, "Now that you have reached this level in your training, you can kill
wild animals with your bare hands!"

The martial arts trainee took the statement as gospel, and headed to the
Melbourne zoo to test his mettle with the wildest animal of all: the lion.
In the dead of night, he slipped into the zoo, leapt into the lion
enclosure, and engaged a suitable king of the jungle in combat.

He would probably have lost a one-on-one fight, but he never got to try.
His naive fight plan didn't account for the enthusiasm of the lion's pride
for a tender intruder; nor did it give sufficient weight to the
possibility that his instructor didn't know what the hell he was talking
about.

Zoo employees found his remains -- two arms and hands -- the following
morning, with shreds of red fur grasped tightly in his fingers.

<I>Darwin asks, "Can you confirm this? It's nearly confirmed, but I'm not
entirely convinced. Thus far, two readers remember the newspaper report,
and a third reader saw autopsy photographs of an identical mishap while
training for law enforcement in Australia in the early 1990's.	If you have
solid information, please <A
href="/misc/email.html">Contact&nbsp;Darwin</I>.</P>

<B>Reader Amy writes,</B> "Found the story on <A
href="http://www.amazingaustralia.com.au/stupidity.htm">amazingaustralia.com</A>
"In to the lions' den In March 1989 32 year old Mr. Ellie Quo decided to go
to the Melbourne Zoo. Lots of people do, but usually they wait for the
gates to open in the morning and the buy a ticket. Ellie decided to do
things a bit different and went in the middle of the night and climbed in
to the lions enclosure to test his skills in martial arts and take on the
lions. Once inside his karate skills proved to be of not much help and the
lions feasted on this midnight snack and Mr. Quo was no more.""	 --Darwin
notes this is just some webpage list of funnystuff email-wow news.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

<BR>
Submitted by: Peter Mitchell, Grim, Craig Cooper

jinja-reference: None

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_1994.html -->


