slug: darwin2003-11.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Jack Up

jinja-summary: Jack Up: Phil needed to make repairs to the underside of his car. But when he jacked it up, there wasn't enough room for him to work. So he removed the car's battery, placed the jack on top of it, and set to work again, this time wi">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Jack Up

Unconfirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft
(9 April 2003, New Zealand) Phil needed to make repairs to the underside of his car. But when he jacked it up, there wasn't enough room for him to work. So he removed the car's battery, placed the jack on top of it, and set to work again, this time with plenty of elbow-room.

Unfortunately for Phil, car batteries are not designed to carry much weight. The battery collapsed and the jack toppled, trapping him beneath the car. Unable to breathe due to the weight on his chest, he quickly expired in a pool of battery acid.

This incident is illuminated by two additional facts: First, Phil's occupation was Accident Prevention Officer at a large food processing plant. And second, ten years previous, he had been working under a car when the jack collapsed, trapping him and breaking one of his legs. Some people just don't learn -- even from their own mistakes.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-reference: Personal account of his work mate, and The Daily News, Taranaki, New Zealand

jinja-solicit-input:

<TABLE border=0 width=80% cellpadding="10">
<TR>
<TD align=center>

<P align="center"><FONT size="+2" color="#333399">
<B><I>What Readers Think</I></B></FONT></P>
	
<!-- comment -->




<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


