slug: darwin2004-10.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Stepping Out

jinja-summary: Stepping Out: Certain land animals have evolved over the millennia to use speed in the pursuit or prey or avoidance of predators. The cheetah can run as fast as 60 mph over the plains of Africa, and the pronghorn antelope can reach ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Stepping Out


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(12 April 2004, Netherlands) Certain land animals have evolved over the
millennia to use speed in the pursuit of prey or avoidance of
predators. The cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus) can run as fast as 60 mph over
the plains of Africa, and the pronghorn antelope (Antilocapra americana)
can reach 55 mph over the plains of North America. Humans (Homo sapiens)
are not among these animals built for speed. The very fastest human can
achieve a maximum sprint of 16 mph for short distances.

So things were bound to go wrong when a 19-year-old male, driving the A67
highway near the Dutch town of Blerick, sought to impress his two
passengers by putting his car on cruise control at 20 mph, getting out of
the car, and running alongside it. He planned to jump back in and drive on,
but the moment his feet hit the ground, he fell over and slammed headfirst
into the asphalt. He was admitted to the hospital with severe brain damage,
and died the next day.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-"> Jurriaan Knol </A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Wieger </A>

jinja-reference: Telegraaf, Dutch Teletext, Guinness Book of World Records

jinja-solicit-input:
<P align="left">
<B>Reader Jacob </B> says, "Your statement that a human can achieve a
maximum sprint of 16 mph for short distances, is incorrect. According to
the <A
href="http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=52043"
target="_top">Guiness Book of World Records</A>, the fastest 100m dash time
is less than 10 seconds, resulting in an average speed of 23 mph from a
dead stop."

<P align="left">
<B>Reader Aaron</B> says, "The current <A
href="http://multimedia.olympic.org/pdf/en_report_819.pdf"
target="_top">world record</A> for a 100m sprint is 9.77 seconds, for an
<I>average</I> of 22.9 miles/hour, so his top speed must have been higher.
I believe that Ignisious Gaisah achieved a top speed of 45km/h (28mph).
Also, many people are able to 'run' on a treadmill while holding a support
bar at speeds greater than 20 miles per hour. It seems that this Darwin
Winner's stupidity was not in the speed but in the fact that he was simply
uncoordinated.	Is uncoordination really a lack of common sense?"

<P align="left">
<B>Reader Will</B> points out pettishly, "it isn't the fact that someone
can run over twenty miles and hour, it is the fact that all of a sudden
your legs have to go from zero to 20 instantly. "

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


