slug: darwin2002-16.md
jinja-title-full: 2002 Darwin Award: Shoot 'em Off

jinja-summary: Shoot 'em Off: [CHANGED NAME] Lantern, 30, enjoyed playing a private game with his wife. He would pull down his pants, place the barrel of a shotgun against his scrotum, and tell her to pull the trigger. They had played this game fr">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "gun,groin,sex">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2002 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Shoot 'em Off


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
<I>"For being named Lantern, he wasn't very bright."</I>

(7 May 2002, Wisconsin) <!-- ALREADY CHANGED NAME --> Lantern, 30, enjoyed
playing a private game with his wife. He would pull down his pants, place
the barrel of a shotgun against his scrotum, and tell her to pull the
trigger. They had played this game frequently, to his immense pleasure. The
gun was unloaded, of course.

On this pleasant Friday, he was excited to try again. The thrill was even
larger because his wife's girlfriend was pulling into the driveway at the
time. "Shoot 'em off before she gets here!" Lantern told his wife. She
pulled the trigger. But this time, the gun was loaded.

Emergency crews arrived to find Lantern bleeding profusely from his groin,
wearing shoes and socks, with his pants down around his ankles. The police
were told it was an accident, and the couple didn't know the gun was
loaded. Lantern was admitted to the hospital in critical condition, where
he survived to earning the indisputible right to the
rarest of honors: the Living Darwin Award. <!-- Brian Winkler -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">C McKinley</A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Stein Berger </A>

jinja-reference: Green Bay Press Gazette

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2002.html -->


