slug: darwin2003-18.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Asphalt Tattoo

jinja-summary: Asphalt Tattoo: Tyler was special. Ever since middle school friends say he wanted to do something different, something unique, something that nobody else would ever try: jump from a moving car. 'He thought he could jump, roll, and t">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Asphalt Tattoo


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(1 September 2003, Colorado) Ever since middle school, friends say Tyler,
20, wanted to do something different, something unique, something nobody
else would ever try: jump from a moving car. "He thought he could jump,
roll, and stand," said a friend, "like you see in the movies."	Tyler came
away from an early car-jump experiment alive, with an asphalt tattoo to
commemorate the feat.

On Labor Day, he was planning another dramatic stunt, riding in the back
seat of a Subaru Legacy. Although his friends tried to talk him out of it,
the Subaru was cruising at 40 mph when he decided that he could, he should,
he would jump from the car.

His father explained, "I think this was the last big thing he wanted to do
as an immature kid, before accepting he had to grow up." But plans to
mature were cut short by his instant death, as he hit the road one last
time. Tyler's last jump is commemorated with another asphalt tattoo, this
one shaped like a Darwin Award.	 <!-- Tyler Weikel -->

<A href="/slush/200309/pending20030913-191225.html">MEDIA REFERENCES</A> (colorful).
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Taylor and Rhianna Schell</A>

jinja-reference: Rocky Mountain News

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


