slug: darwin2001-17.md
jinja-title-full: 2001 Darwin Award: The Dumb Tax?

jinja-summary: The Dumb Tax?: The day before the US tax filing deadline, a Memphis Darwin Award winner trying to beat a train drove around the crossing gates -- only to be struck by an oncoming vehicle whose driver had the same mad plan. The o">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2001 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: The Dumb Tax?


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(15 April 2001, Tennessee) The day before the US tax filing deadline, which
happened to be Sunday, April 15 (because the tax filing deadline is
extended when the US Post Office is closed) a Memphis Darwin Award winner
was in a rush to file.	Enroute to the post office, he was evidently trying
to beat a train when he drove around the crossing gates -- only to be
struck by an oncoming vehicle/driver with the same mad plan. The driver of
the northbound vehicle was killed, the southbound wounded; making this
monumental stupidity the first instance we have witnessed of a Darwin Award
winner colliding with an At-Risk Survivor. The accident happened to one
side of the tracks so, as a cosmic act of politeness, the train passed by
unimpeded and the passengers were not inconvenienced. <!-- Average Score: 7.5 / 10 (20791 Votes) -->

<I><A href=http://darwinawards.com/stupid/stupid2006-05.html>However, a double dumb Honorable Mention is quite similar...</I><BR>
http://darwinawards.com/stupid/stupid2006-05.html</A>

		<P align="left"><B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
		 &quot;Some problems are very TAXING...&quot;<BR>
		 &quot;How's this for a 'late filer'? A deadline.&quot;<BR>
		 &quot;Tax penalties.	Ouch.&quot;<BR>

<P><B>"Honorable Mention: </B>One morning before
school started, we noticed an accident there at the high school train
crossing. We assumed the train had hit a car.	Actually, the car hit the
train. A senior ("J.J. Brains" after this) thought he was running late for
school.	 (Actually dumfuk would have been 10 minutes early.) When the gates
came down at the crossing he was behind _three_ stopped cars, and not
wanting to be late, he pulled out and stomped on the gas. He went around
all three cars, noticed just before crossing the track that the he would
not make it, slammed on his brakes, and skidded/smashed into the
engine. His 1970's era P.O.N.T.I.A.C. was totalled, the roof crushed at
least 3 feet down. He survived only because the driver's seat was defective
and broke backwards in the crash, leaving him lying on his back, with a
skull fracture, broken collar bone, and numerous cuts from broken glass.
To grind salt into stupid and hurt, he owed CalTrain $10,000 for the damage
to the engine!	Brains."

		 <P>"Lies die Kommentare dazu..."<BR>
		 &quot;Two wrongs <I>do </I>make a right!&quot;<BR>
		 &quot;Oy vey! This is one for the history books.&quot;<BR>
		 &quot;Read and heed.&quot;
		

"Sic transit non compos mentis in gloriae aeterna."<BR>
"April xx is just around the corner. Best to stay inside."<BR>
"Here's a way cool way to get out of paying your tax bill."<BR>

		 &quot;A perfect match: Stupid hits stupid.&quot;<BR>
		 "Sound like something that would happen to us!!! Always meeting in the
MIDDLE! ;-)"

<P><I>"You can dodge the train!" [ka-thump, ka-thump, ka-thump,
ka-thump] "No, stupid, do it like this!" </I>

<BR>
		 Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-spencer@bellsouth.net">Richard Spencer</A>
<BR>
		 Reference: Memphis Commercial Appeal</FONT></P>
		
jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2001.html -->


