slug: darwin2010-08.md
jinja-title-full: 2010 Darwin Award: Angry Wheelchair Man

jinja-summary: Angry Wheelchair Man: VIDEO: A handicapped man, annoyed that an elevator closed and departed without him, thinks it over before ramming his wheelchair into the doors not once, not twice, but three times before succeeding">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/WheelchairAccessSmall.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2010 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Angry Wheelchair Man


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

jinja-image-splash: /i/WheelchairAccessSmall.jpg" alt="Cartoon of an angry wheelchair man powering through broken glass...">

DARWIN AWARD WINNER OF THE CENTURY! Angry Wheelchair Man, the rashly rushing rammer who
epitomizes the downfall of the human race.

(25 August 2010, Daejon, South Korea) An angry handicapped man, annoyed
that an elevator departed without him, thinks it over before ramming his
wheelchair into the doors (bam!) once, twice, three times in all. Success
and failure combined as he gained access to the elevator, and plunged down
the <del>&nbsp;rabbit hole&nbsp;</del> shaft to his death. This
40-year-old man earns immortality as an the most irritated Darwin Award
winner to ever <del>&nbsp;walk&nbsp;</del>roll the planet. [Video below is PG]
</p>

<P align=center><iframe width="560" height="315" allowfullscreen
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VJghe0ofkj0" frameborder="0"></iframe>
<BR>Note: <A
href="https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wheelchair+darwin+award">click
here for more video options.</A>

Stress kills. Gravity kills. The tragic downfall of this rash rammer
provides a vivid example of Natural Selection In Action. However, natural
selection just got hobbled:: Angry Wheelchair People of the future will be
protected from themselves by safety requirements that elevator doors must
withstand repeated heavy impacts. Safety regulations were strengthened to
prevent accidents "such as might happen to children and drunks."

DARWIN AWARD WINNER OF THE CENTURY! Truly the downfall of humanity.
</P>

jinja-image-splash: /i/elevator_wheelchair.jpg" alt="A photograph of the actual location of the actual accident, showing a boarded over glass elevator .">

<h3>READER COMMENTS:</h3>

Michael J. C. Dyer clarifies: "It was a mobility scooter, not a
wheelchair." 6/2022</p>
<p>Rebecca A. Thompson: "Just goes to prove, 'Anger is only one letter short of Danger!'"

"This is real security video, not staged,
you have to see this. Pop some popcorn, crack a cold one, and enjoy the 45-second video!"

"I couldn't belive this. What was he thinking??? Love, Daddo" <span class="smalltext">(dads often
forward the darwin awards to protect their kids from stupid moves!)</span>

"Don't worry about the lift I'll make my own way down!"

"Liebe, kennst du eigentlich die darwin awards?"

"Bitte lesen und ansehen."


<span class="smalltext">(From one co-worker to another)</span> This one I consider the all-time winner. Note - the doors have clear glass
inserts. We may need to double the guard at our elevators Saturday night."

"The hidden disabilities hurt most."

"It would seem obvious that behind a lift door lurks a lift shaft."

What a ride down!

FAIL!!!

"You hate to laugh, but the dumbass could see the elevator wasn't
there."

"Obviously Poetic Justice. with no patience whatsoever, he actually got what he deserved."

<A href="http://www.darwinawards.com/slush/201008/pending20100829-181100.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: RAM

jinja-reference: daejonilbo.com, sbs.co.kr

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2010.html -->


border=0 width=80 height=82>
Note: If the video is missing, <A href="https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wheelchair+darwin+award">click here for more options.</A>

The tragic downfall of this rashly rushing rammer provides a heartening
example of how brilliant <I> you </I> are--compared to some! However,
natural selection just got a little harder. The authorities traced the
"problem" to elevator doors that cannot withstand a large impact. Safety
regulations were strengthened three years after the elevator was installed,
to prevent accidents "such as might happen to children and drunks."

<A href="http://www.darwinawards.com/slush/201008/pending20100829-181100.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: RAM

jinja-reference: daejonilbo.com, sbs.co.kr

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2010.html -->


