slug: darwin2001-08.md
jinja-title-full: 2001 Darwin Award: Sheep Sleep

jinja-summary: Sheep Sleep: Police were baffled to discover a 20-year-old Bedouin shepherd shot dead in the middle of the desert. No one else was around, and no footprints led to or from the scene of the crime. Investigators from Sidi Barrani sifted ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "gun,animal">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2001 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Sheep Sleep


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(9 March 2001, Cairo) Police were baffled to discover a 20-year-old Bedouin shepherd shot dead in the middle of the desert. No one else was around, and no footprints led to or from the scene of the crime.

Investigators from Sidi Barrani sifted through the meager clues surrounding Mochtar's death, and soon fingered the culprit.

The Egyptian man had fallen asleep amid his sheep without
securing his rifle. One moment of neglect, one wooly misstep
on the trigger, and a speeding slug sentenced the sleeping shepherd to his final slumber.

The unregistered weapon was confiscated from the flock.

"The murderous sheep has been sentenced to ewethanasia." <!-- Mochtar Adam Fadl -->

		
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

<BR>
		 Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-christian_lenzen@hotmail.com">Christian Lenzen</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE- msteinberg@omm.com">Mark Steinberg</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-salvadorami@yahoo.com">Salvador Ami</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-salomone@wt.net">Jerry Salomone</A>, <A href="mailto:REMOVE-email@thomas-fleckner.de">Thomas Fleckner</A><BR>
		 Reference: Der Spiegel, Reuters

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2001.html -->


