slug: darwin2003-06.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Second Time's the Charm

jinja-summary: Second Time's the Charm: Ignoring Coast Guard warnings, David Manley ventured onto the icy surface of Saginaw Bay with his pickup truck one chilly morning. Predictably, the vehicle broke through the ice, but the 41-year-old managed to ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Second Time's the Charm

Unconfirmed by Darwin
jinja-status: draft
(16 March 2003, Michigan) Ignoring Coast Guard warnings, David ventured
onto the icy surface of Saginaw Bay with his pickup truck one chilly
morning. Predictably, the vehicle broke through the ice, but the
41-year-old managed to avert tragedy and escape from the sinking truck. He
reached the shore wet and cold, but alive.

Despite his traumatic experience, and despite a day of sunshine and warm
temperatures in the 60s, David returned to Saginaw Bay late the following
night. This time he was driving an all-terrain vehicle, and accompanied by
a friend. Surprise! The ATV also plunged through the ice.

His companion survived, but David had used up his luck. His body was
recovered by the Coast Guard southwest of the Channel Islands. An autopsy
was scheduled to determine whether anything besides a desire to win a
Darwin Award was a factor in his demise.

<!-- David Manley, 41, of Lawrence MI -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Keith Weldon</A>

jinja-reference: Flint Journal

jinja-solicit-input:

<TABLE border=0 width=80% cellpadding="10">
<TR>
<TD align=center>

<P align="center"><FONT size="+2" color="#333399">
<B><I>What Readers Think</I></B></FONT></P>

<!-- comment -->




<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


