slug: darwin2002-09.md
jinja-title-full: 2002 Darwin Award: Caveat Emptor

jinja-summary: Caveat Emptor: Police say three men tried to rob an Albuquerque man who had placed a newspaper ad to sell a gun. The robbers arranged a meeting, then beat and sprayed mace on the gun owner in an attempt to steal the weapon. Sur">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "criminal,gun">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2002 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Caveat Emptor


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
<I>"Let the buyer beware."</I>

(4 February 2002, New Mexico) Police say three men tried to rob an Albuquerque man who had placed a newspaper ad to sell a gun. The robbers arranged a meeting, then beat and sprayed mace on the gun owner in an attempt to steal the weapon. Surprise! The gun seller was also a gun owner. 18-year-old Carlos intercepted a bullet and died before rescue crews arrived.

One can understand the mistake of robbing a man who unexpectedly turns and shoots, but if the robber singles out a victim because he is <I>selling</I> a gun, then tries to steal the weapon, there's no excuse for being surprised to discover he is armed.

As a Darwinian bonus, there's a fairly good chance that the 18-year-old has not yet reproduced...

<!-- Carlos Chavez, 18 -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: Scott Koon

jinja-reference: KOAT TV, TheNewMexicoChannel.com

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2002.html -->


