slug: darwin1998-17.md
jinja-title-full: 1998 Darwin Award: Hanging Around Jail

jinja-summary: Hanging Around Jail: Correctional institutions abound with 'jailhouse lawyers' who will play any legal angle to improve their situations. Joseph, a twenty-year-old inmate of the Stevens Point Jail, planned a circuitous route to freedom">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1998 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Hanging Around Jail


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

		<P><B>Escaping Conviction</B><BR>
		 December 1997, Pennsylvania &nbsp;| &nbsp; A prisoner in the
		 new Allegheny County Jail in Pittsburgh attempted to evade his
		 punishment by engineering an escape from his confinement. Jerome
		 constructed a hundred-foot rope of bedsheets, broke through
		 a supposedly shatter-proof cell window, and began to climb to
		 freedom down his makeshift ladder.</P>
		<P> It is not known whether his plan took into account the curiosity
		 of drivers on the busy street and Liberty Bridge below. It certainly
		 did not take into account the sharp edges of the glass, the
		 worn nature of the bedsheet, or the great distance to the pavement.
		 The bottom of the knotted bedsheet was eighty-six feet short
		 of the ground. But our hero did not reach the end of his rope.
		 The windowpane sliced through the weak cloth and dropped him
		 to his untidy demise 150 feet below.</P>
		<P>But wait, there's more!</P>
		<P>Apparently the jailhouse rumor of the previous death did not
		 reach a prisoner who was awaiting transfer to a federal penitentiary
		 one year later. He tied eight bedsheets together and rappelled
		 from his seventh-floor window, only to find that the rope fell
		 twenty-five feet short of the ground. Luckier than Jerome, he
		 merely fractured his ankle and scraped his face.</P>
		<P align="center"> <FONT size="-1"> <A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">
		 DarwinAwards.com &copy; 1994 - 2022</A> <BR>
		 Reference: Louisville Eccentric Observer, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette</FONT>
		</P>

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_1998.html -->


