slug: darwin2017-13.md
jinja-title-full: 2017 Darwin Award: Forklift Around And Find Out

jinja-summary: Forklift Around And Find Out: Logistics was uppermost in the mind of an employee of the Tanarumono Logistics Center when he needed to change a lightbulb ten meters overhead. The forklift could only lift him 2.5 meters, and that was clearly n">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "work, falling">

jinja-modified:

<META property='og:image' content='https://darwinawards.com/i/pallet.jpg'>

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2017 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Forklift Around And Find Out


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft

<P style="text-align: center; margin: auto; font-size: .9em">
<em>
"Stack Attack!"<BR>
"A stacked rack, a broken back."<BR>
"Don't fork around with pallets."<BR>
"He got 'forked up' in more ways than one."
</em>
</p>

jinja-image-splash: /i/pallets_forklift.jpg
jinja-image-alt: "Towering stacks of beautiful wooden pallets, and a man on his
forklift pondering the many possibilities.">

(August 2017, Japan) <B>Logistics</B> was uppermost in the mind of a
warehouse employee of <B>Tanarumono Logistics.</B> The worker needed to
change a light bulb ten meters overhead. The forklift could only reach 2.5
meters, clearly not close enough. Lets express this as a math problem:

<em>
If a person can reach a light fixture 2 meters overhead &mdash; and wants
to replace a lightbulb 10 meters overhead &mdash; how many 15-cm wood
pallets must be stacked onto a 2.5 meter forklift platform, to enable the
person to reach the burnt bulb?</em>

The answer is 37.

<strong>"Let There Be Light!"</strong><Br>
Perched on this rickety wooden wonder, the 40-year-old convinced a
colleague to forklift them to the ceiling. Anyone experienced with a
haphazard construction of pallets can identify the problem with this
cunning plan. The rickety stack collapsed.

Our unfortunate winner died in the wreckage, ironically reaching "a higher
plane" than anticipated. This intrepid logistics escapade earns the
'former employee' a Darwin Award for a heroic effort to 'reach the light'
with the tools at hand.

<P style="text-align: center; margin: auto; font-size: .9em;">
<B>Title Suggestions - From Readers</B><BR>
<I>"An Unpalatable Death"</I> -Wendy<BR>
"Don't fork around with pallets." -D.Dixon<BR>
"Stack Attack" -J.Bracki<BR>
"He got 'forked up' in more ways than one." -Anon<BR>
"A stacked rack and a broken back" -A.Witham<BR>
"Even The Odds Were Stacked Against Him" -C.H.Bell<BR>
"Jenga Difficultly Level: 10" -S.S.Weir <BR>
"Pallatative Care" -A.Foss <BR>
"One pallet more and he would have stood an even chance." -T.Pegler<BR>
"Deadly Jenga... Just ONE More." J.A,Z.P&eacute;rez and D.S.Medlock <BR>
<br>&nbsp;<br>
"Very foolish. If a forklift can lift you 2.5m, then the
sensible solution is to stack four forklifts on top of each
other." -R.How
<br>&nbsp;<br>
"skidmark" -B.Evans<BR>
"Unpalletable death!" -P.Crusse;;<BR>
"A bad taste on his pallet." -M.NRory<BR>
"How do you say 'hold my beer' in Japanese?" -B.Stewart
<br>&nbsp;<br>
"How did he die? He asked his colleague to drive in circles
in order to screw in the new bulb." -F.Gobbi
</p>

jinja-submitter: Kim SK

jinja-reference: <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20170904152653/https://www.naratv.co.jp/news/20170831/20170831-02.html">Internet Archive 8/31/2017</a>, ORIGINAL: http://www.naratv.co.jp/news/20170831/20170831-02.html

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2017.html -->


