slug: darwin2003-13.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Hurricane Blumpkin

jinja-summary: Hurricane Blumpkin: 19 September 2003, Virginia Hurricane Isabel tore into the East Coast, turning shallow creeks into raging rivers before she calmed down to a violent tropical storm. What better time to go canoeing? Especially at ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Hurricane Blumpkin


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(19 September 2003, Virginia) Another day, another rugby player...

Hurricane Isabel whipped shallow creeks into raging rivers, before she
calmed down to a violent tropical storm. What better time for a canoe trip?
Especially at 2:30 in the morning, on a moonless night?	 Enter "Blumpkin"
21, captain of the University rugby team, described as "insane, just
indestructible."

He left his own party with friends who "thought it would be all ha, ha and
funny" to take the canoe straight down Blacks Run Stream, to Blumpkin's old
house.

Winds were gusting to 50 mph, as nearly a foot of rain fell on the
Shenandoah Valley. The Boy Scout canoe merit badge says, "If in
doubt... survey the water from shore. Do not run any but the mildest
rapids unless you have a guide who knows the river. Wear life jackets in
all rough water." Surely Blumpkin noticed that the knee-deep water of
Blacks Run was now a flood churning higher than his head. Nevertheless he
launched, and just as quickly capsized, the boat occpuants tossed into the
swift storm-fed stream.

Our "indestructible" friend Blumpkin was sucked underwater twice, to
resurface at dawn, 100 yards downstream with a Darwin Award clutched in
his fist. His female companion managed to reach shore, as did his male
companion, who knew it "wasn't a good idea from the start."

Whether alcohol or drugs were involved, Chief Peavy was not allowed to
comment.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR><FONT size="-1">
"Hopefully no relation, right?"<BR>
"Kinda sad. ahhh... Blumpkin. My college crush."<BR>

"Check it out! We made it! The guy from JMU who drowned in Blacks Run made
the Darwin Awards. It's about weeding out the bad-braincell people so we
can evolve into a better race quicker.	Hope this guy gets it!"

</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Tony Cobb</A>

jinja-reference: www.wina.com, Daily News-Record, The Breeze

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


