slug: darwin1999-16.md
jinja-title-full: 1999 Darwin Award: Wiped Out

jinja-summary: Wiped Out: It's still not clean! Shoshi was a part-time janitor until his eagerness to do a good job collided with an unhealthy inability to attend to his own safety. The elevator he was cleaning had water leaking from its ceiling, so ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1999 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Wiped Out

Unconfirmed by Darwin
jinja-status: draft

<I>It's still not clean!</I>

(4 September 1999, Tokyo, Japan) Shoshi was a part-time janitor until his
eagerness to do a good job collided with an unhealthy inability to attend
to his own safety. The elevator he was cleaning had water leaking from its
ceiling, so he rode a second elevator up the shaft, climbed out its hidden
side door, and hopped on top of the first elevator. As he cleaned the
puddle from the roof, the car rose to the top floor, fatally crushing him
beneath the ceiling of the building. The 24-year-old had forgotten to turn
off the leaking elevator before wiping up the spill, leaving the roof
messier than before.

<FONT size="-1">(Darwin says, "Several elevator facts argue against the
veracity of this story.	 When a trapdoor is opened, a safety circuit is
tripped, preventing the elevator from moving. Most elevators have two to
six feet of clearance at the top of the shaft, and thus will not squash a
person.	 And elevators have a "stop" button on the roof, so a person in the
unenviable position of riding an elevator hurtling towards the sky has one
last recourse.")</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-djwambold@viterbo.edu">DJW</A>

jinja-reference: Mainichi Daily News

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_1999.html -->


