slug: darwin2004-12.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: "Who Wants Summa This?"

jinja-summary: 'Who Wants Summa This?': Kebab-eating amateur rugby player Gareth, 22, was a bit wobbly after a pub crawl with his friends. His flat was filled with men and women when he pulled down his pants and waddled over to the window, shoutin">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: "Who Wants Summa This?"


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(10 November 2004, Wales) Kebab-eating amateur rugby player Gareth, 22, was
a bit wobbly after a pub crawl with his friends. His flat was filled with
men and women when he pulled down his pants and waddled over to the window,
shouting "Who wants summa this?" to the empty street below. A friend
grabbed him before he could fall out the window.

In the morning when they awoke from their drunken stupor, Gareth admitted
it was a pretty stupid thing to do. But that didn't stop the determined
Darwin Award candidate from successfully trying again.

The very next night, with his blood-alcohol level at four times the legal
limit, just short of lethal intoxication, he pulled down his pants again
and waddled over to the open window, shouting "Who wants summa this?"
Nobody was near enough to grab him this time. A friend told the coroner's
court that he bent forward and went out the window, hands flailing. Gareth
was found outside, impaled on a spike fence below.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Adam George </A>

jinja-reference: BBC

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


