slug: darwin2011-02.md
jinja-title-full: 2011 Darwin Award: Planking Spanking

jinja-summary: Planking Spanking: Planking! What's that? 'planking' is the peculiar practice of lying flat on your stomach in unusual locations. This Australian craze had infected poor, poor Mr. Acton B., Brisbane resident and former enthusiast.">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "gravity, sport, australia">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2011 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Planking Spanking


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
15 May 2011, Brisbane, Australia | <A
href=/darwin/darwin2011-02.html>PLANKING? </B> What is it?</A> 'Planking'
is the peculiar wit of lying flat as a plank in unusual locations--train
tracks, fire hydrants, clotheslines--and posting public photographs,
spreading joy. This Australian craze had infected poor Mr. Acton B., a
(former) planking enthusiast who was not aware that <U><A href=/cgi/search.pl?keywords=balcony&maxresults=40&swishindex=darwin.data&swishindex=stupid.data&swishindex=legend.data&swishindex=personal.data&show_description=yes>Balconies Are The #1
One Cause of Gravity-Fed Darwin Awards.</A></U> Not knowing, he was doomed to
repeat the lesson. Camera ready, the 20-year-old stretched himself out
face-down on the railing, arms by his sides, stiff as a plank, balanced.
Don't do it, don't cross that line young male <U><I>Homo sapiens
sapiens!</I></U> Oh no...the species is doomed.	 Down he fell.	Descent of
man. <P>

PLANKING happened on 15 May 2011, Brisbane AU.	Although we do not have a
photograph of the actual event, we encourage reporters to re-enact the
scene for your own cameras. No, really, go ahead.<P>

Planking is nothing without a photograph. The men down under have risen to
the top of the zany photos crop, planking naked, planking on police
cruisers, planking here, there, and across the desks on TV Network News.
Planking has well and truly <A href=http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2006/09/has-joel-spolsky-jumped-the-shark.html>jumped the shark.</A>

READER COMMENTS: <BR>
"Natural selection nudged him over the line, and he fell..."<BR>
"Planking is bound to remove people from the gene pool."<BR>
Please be careful where you plank! :)<BR>
Watch out for balconies :-)<BR>

"You will enjoy this. They are truly dark and hilarious. Your dad didn't
quite get the wharped sense of humor that one needs to enjoy this. Maybe he
was tired...Love, Gma Carolina"

"O site dos burros pra carai!"<BR>
"Blessedly he was not naked."<BR>
"As promised funny (but dark). From the vault of the always amusing Darwin
Awards."

<A href="/cgi/search.pl?keywords=planking&submit=Search+Darwin&swishindex=slush.data&swishindex=reject.data&show_description=yes&maxdisplay=10&maxresults=50">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: Kevin, Yogi, Seán McDermott, Cliff, Michael Barry, Simon Schuh, Lowell, Terry, and many others.

jinja-reference: Brisbane Times, Australia Associated Press. Australia Broadcasting Corp

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2011.html -->


