slug: darwin1999-22.md
jinja-title-full: 1999 Darwin Award: Stay With the Herd!

jinja-summary: Stay With the Herd!: Scenic cliffs abound on the slopes of Mount Rainier, and falling deaths are common on the 14,411-foot dormant volcano. But that didn't deter one snowboarder, who declined a ranger's invitation to join a group he wa">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1999 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Stay With the Herd!

1999 Darwin Award Winner

jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(20 June 1999, Seattle, Washington) Scenic cliffs abound on the slopes of Mount Rainier, and falling deaths are common on the 14,411-foot dormant volcano. But that didn't deter one snowboarder, who declined a ranger's invitation to join a group he was escorting safely down the mountain.

William left 10,000-foot Camp Muir and set out to conquer the unfamiliar
terrain without cold weather clothing or survival gear. The lone man
disappeared into the heavy fog and drizzle, blundered over a frozen
waterfall, and landed at the edge of the Nisqually Glacier 4000 feet below
his starting point.

The body of the 28-year-old doctor was found beneath the waterfall two
years later by Mount Rainier National Park rangers searching for missing
climbers (who were rescued unhurt.) The rangers brought William's remains
down the mountain. "We knew he was gone," William's poor sad father
said. "It would have been wonderful if he remained as part of the
mountain."
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-nds1982@yahoo.com">Nicholas</A>

jinja-reference: Associated Press, Albany Democrat-Herald

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_1999.html -->


