slug: darwin1994-04.md
jinja-title-full: 1978 Darwin Award: Guitars 'n' Guns

<META name="description" content="1978 Darwin Award: Guitars 'n' Guns: Legendary Chicago guitarist Terry Kath died a week before his 32nd birthday in front of his wife and friends in a one-man shootout. An avid collector of guns, he had brought several of his metal friends to a party alo">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "gun,suicide">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 1993 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Guitars 'n' Guns


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

jinja-sidebar: <TABLE width="100" border="0" align="right" cellspacing="3" cellpadding="6" background="/i/bgtable.gif">
	<TR>
	 <TD>

	 <P align="left"><FONT size="-1"><B>&quot;Automatic and
	 semi-automatic weapons </B> have a common safety feature: they
	 will not fire without a clip loaded, empty or not.&quot;
	 <B>-Travis</B></FONT></P>

	 <P align="left"><FONT size="-1"><B>Nineteen years </B>in the
	 military exposed me to an extensive range of firearms.
	 Mr. Wahlfeldt is wrong, it's not a clip, but a magazine. And
	 only a small number of firearms have a trigger lock-out. The
	 majority will fire without the magazine. <BR> -<A
	 href="mailto:REMOVE-Dash703@aol.com">Jack Ryan, USNR</A>
	 </FONT></P>

	 <P align="left"><FONT size="-1"><A
	 href="mailto:REMOVE-johnny@intop.net"><B>John Parks</B></A><B>
	 clarifies,</B> &quot;Not even a fully automatic weapon
	 automatically chambers a round when the clip is inserted. You
	 must <I>manually </I>feed the first bullet into the chamber,
	 for example by pulling back a slide. Once a round is
	 chambered, the gun will fire when the trigger is pulled, with
	 or without a clip.	Very few weapons have a lock-out.</FONT></P>

	 </TD>
	</TR>
</TABLE>

		<P>(January 23, 1978) Legendary Chicago guitarist Terry Kath was an avid collector of guns. One week before his 32nd birthday, he brought several of his metal friends to a party along with his wife. After the party broke up, he began to play with his guns.</P>
		<P>
		First he spun his .38 revolver on his finger, brought it to his temple, and pulled the trigger. Click! The gun was not loaded. Next he picked up a 9-mm semi-automatic pistol. The host of the party, unamused, asked him to stop. As Terry pulled the magazine from the weapon, he reassured him, &quot;Don't worry it's not loaded.&quot; Then Terry raised the pistol&#133; and put a bullet through his head in an one-man shootout.</P>
		<P>This popular musician and long-time gun enthusiast forgot that an automatic automatically chambers a bullet, so removing the magazine does not disarm the weapon.</P>
		<P>His death was classified an inadvertent suicide.
</P>

		<P align="left">
<FONT size="-1">
<A href="http://darwinawards.com/misc/copyright.html">
DarwinAwards.com &copy; 1994 - 2022</A>
<BR>
		 Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-czambori@nortelnetworks.com">Charles Zambori </A>

<BR>
		 Reference: Scott Stanton, various online sources.

<P>Darren says, "I was injured by a relative who also believed that guns don't
free-chamber a round when a magazine is inserted, and who expected
trigger-locks to be standard seatbelts.	 Experience speaks! Although the
pistol that burned me was a knock-off, I expect that a similar S&W would do
the same. You see, recoil is not the only thing that will displace the
breech mechanism to load a round. Depending on the model, inserting a
magazine will do that, too. Not that it changes the rule, <I>"Always open the
slide to visually inspect the chamber for any remaining cartridges.
Simply removing the magazine does not guarantee the firearm is unloaded. A
cartridge can remain in the chamber."</I> (From <a
href="http://w3.agsfoundation.com/safety/p_handguns.html#handling">Firearms Primer</a>.)


jinja-solicit-input:
<FONT size="-1">
	 </FONT><TABLE width=100% border=0 background="/i/bgmain.jpg" cellspacing=5 cellpadding=10>
<TR>
	<TD align=center>
<A href="darwin1994-03.html">Previous</A>


<!--#include file=nav_1994.html -->


