slug: darwin2004-01.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Amateur Bomb Inspector

jinja-summary: Amateur Bomb Inspector: 'Curiosity may have killed this cat, but no amount of satisfaction can bring him back.' The city of Ambon was on edge. Just two days before, a bomb hidden in a cookie tin along with two bottles of beer and so">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Amateur Bomb Inspector


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
<I>"Curiosity may have killed this cat, but no amount of satisfaction can
bring him back."</I>

(25 May 2004, Indonesia) The city of Ambon was on edge.	 Just two days
before, a bomb hidden in a cookie tin, disguised with two bottles of beer
and some peanuts, had exploded and wounded five people.	 So police took
extra precautions when a worried man alerted them to a suspicious black
plastic bag that had been hung on the handle of his motorbike, while it was
parked outside an open market.

The police cleared the area, moved the bag to the middle of the street, and
waited for the bomb squad to arrive. Alarmingly, this bag also contained a
cookie tin. The police set up a safety cordon 20 meters away from the bag,
and warned people to stay back.	 But after 25 minutes spent waiting for the
bomb squad, curiosity got the best of Willem, a 45-year-old fish vendor,
and a number of other onlookers. They wanted to get a closer look, see
what else was in the bag. What could happen?

What indeed. As they approached the bomb, it exploded, killing Willem and
injuring 16 others...

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Na, hiern zeigt sich's mal wieder - Neugierde ist ungesund!"<BR>
"What I don't understand is: why the detail about the two bottles of beer
and the peanuts?"
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">AZN Mullet</A>

jinja-reference: The Australian, Jakarta Post, Catholic World News, Taipei Times, Asia News, Christian Today

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


