slug: darwin2021-02.md
jinja-title-full: Rock Hound Un-Henged

jinja-summary: Rock Hound: Opus-40 is an ambitious stoneworks compared to Stonehenge: Six acres of stone ridges, bridges, and moats puzzled together tightly using no mortar by Mr. Harvey Fite. A magnificent landscape of Hudson Valley stoner madnesss!">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/opus40_sst_crop.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2021 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Rock Hound Un-Henged


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft

jinja-image-splash: /i/opus40_sst_crop.jpg
jinja-image-alt: "Rock Hard Erection At Opus 40">

(9 May 1976, Hudson Valley NY) <strong>1976 Retrospective</strong>.<br>

Opus-40 is an ambitious stoneworks some compara to Stonehenge, flaunting six
(6+) acres of hand-built stone ridges, bridges, moats and
monuments. Quarried at the site by old dead guy Harvey Fite, his magnum
opus is a wild landscape of stoner madnesss! <!-- in Saugerties NY -->

Dry-stack stonework is a time-tested and durable technique. It's how the
Roman arches hang together! <strong>And as goes the Roman Empire, so goes
Harvey Fite. </strong>Mr. Fite died at the age of 72 only
a few years short of completing the walls, ramps and stairways, placid
pools, murky moats and subterranean passageways of his dreams.

<p>And how, you ask, did this stonemason bite the dust?

<div id=sidebar2 style="float:left; width: 25%; font-size: 0.9em;
font-weight: bold">Magnum Opus: An impressive work of
art, especially the culmination of a lifetime spent
mastering the arcana.</div>

He died Darwin dumb, to be honest. While riding a lawn mower, Harvey zoomed
out onto a precipice and fell into his own stone quarry. And snap, just
like that he was stone dead! On the sunny side, this artist loved where
he lived & and died where he loved. Surely his heart still resides in
this <span style="text-decoration: line-through;">&nbsp;amazing
grace&nbsp;</span> amazing place.

Gotta love a Darwin Award winner with such dedication in life and in
death. Today, forty years down that rocky road, his heirs and successors
are squabbling over his legacy according to the New York Times report that
brought this noble Darwin Award to our attention.

Reference: <A href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harvey_Fite">Wikipedia
Harvey
Fite</a><br>
Reference: <A href="https://www.nytimes.com/2021/07/31/arts/opus-40-harvey-fite.html">Good Fences Make Good Neighbors</a>

</article>

<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar" -->

jinja-reference: <A href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harvey_Fite">Wikipedia
Harvey
Fite</a>,<br><A href="https://www.nytimes.com/2021/07/31/arts/opus-40-harvey-fite.html">NY
Times: Good Fences Make Good Neighbors?</a>

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:





