slug: darwin2004-06.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Damned if You Do...

jinja-summary: Damned if You Do...: A Pitesti man with a metal ring stuck on his penis was being sought by doctors, after he fled the hospital consumed by panic. The unidentified 42-year-old claimed he had put the ring on his penis after losing a ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Damned if You Do...


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

(6 September 2004, Romania) A Pitesti man with a metal ring stuck on his
penis was being sought by doctors, after he fled the hospital consumed by
panic.

The unidentified 42-year-old said he put the ring on his penis after losing
a bet during a drinking game at a pub. He was subsequently unable to remove
the ring. Embarrassment kept him from seeking immediate medical help, but
after two days, unbearable pain overcame unbearable shame, and he took his
smelly and discolored member in for treatment.

Doctors told him the bad news.Gangrene had set in, and his life was in
danger. The blood supply had been cut off for too long, and there was
nothing they could do but remove his penis, so that the necrosis did not
spread to the rest of his body.

The manhunt was ongoing. "There is no way he can escape going under the
knife," said a doctor. "He must come back to the hospital and accept this."
The man's only consolation is a guaranteed Darwin Award, one way or the
other!

A reader writes in to say, "NOT TRUE! Some of us naturally 'little guys'
have managed to have a kid or two, with a little creativity and medical
intervention. Surgically cutting a tendon over the penis gives and extra
inch, or more."
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Bradley F.</A>

jinja-reference: Daily Record (UK), Ananova

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


