slug: darwin2002-34.md
jinja-title-full: 2002 Darwin Award: Wrong and Wronger

jinja-summary: Wrong and Wronger: Late one night, the inhabitants of Yuvieyna village, a suburb of Lugansk, awoke to a loud explosion. Not long before the explosion, a 40-year-old deputy of the local administration board had taken his dog out for a w">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2002 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Wrong and Wronger

Unconfirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft
(29 July 2002, Ukraine) Late one night, the inhabitants of Yuvieyna
village, a suburb of Lugansk, awoke to a loud explosion. Not long before
the explosion, a 40-year-old deputy of the local administration board had
taken his dog out for a walk. He encountered a Police Academy cadet who
was escorting two women to their homes.

The cadet pointed out that the deputy's dog was not allowed on a public
street without a lead and muzzle. Now, only an exceedingly bold cadet
would be presumptuous enough to tell a village deputy what to do, so the
two men began to argue.	 Unable to resolve the matter by verbal means, the
deputy finally pulled out a military RGD-5 hand grenade and threw it to the
cadet's feet. His well-trained dog immediately ran for the object and
fetched it for his master... and man and dog met the same messy fate.

Police are investigating how the deputy came to have a grenade in a country
where citizens are forbidden to carry arms, let alone military ordnance.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: Vlad Kisselev

jinja-reference: 1+1 TV Channel Ukraine

jinja-solicit-input:
<P align=center><A href="http://forum.DarwinAwards.com/index.php?act=ST&f=2&t=3755">
Debate on This Story's Veracity</A></P>




<!--#include file=nav_2002.html -->


