slug: darwin2004-16.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Spy vs. Self

jinja-summary: Spy vs. Self: Fabio, 28, left the family ostrich business for a new job as a truck driver. But his interests were more eclectic than the average ostrich-farming truck driver. Relaxing one evening with friends at a pub in Cursi, Fabi">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "gun">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Spy vs. Self


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
<I>"Hold my beer and watch this!"</I>

(28 May 2004, Italy) Fabio, 28, left the family ostrich business for a new
job as a truck driver. But his interests were more eclectic than the
average ostrich-farming truck driver. Relaxing one evening with friends at
a pub in Cursi, Fabio shifted the conversation to his new interest in spy
gadgets. He pulled an ordinary-looking pen out of his pocket and explained
that it was actually a single-shot pistol. To demonstrate, he pointed it at
his head and clicked the button. The cleverly disguised gadget worked
perfectly, sending a .22-caliber bullet into Fabio's left occipital lobe.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Well... it worked!"<BR>
"Here look... I'm a double naught spy!"
</FONT>

<P><B>Reader Hana</B> points out suspiciously, "The story tells us that he
was shot in the <A
href="http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://songweaver.com/brain/gifs/lobes.gif&imgrefurl=http://songweaver.com/brain/lobes.html&h=332&w=283&sz=30&tbnid=1FezX9shr6MJ:&tbnh=115&tbnw=98&prev=/images%3Fq%3Doccipital%2Blobe%26hl%3Den%26lr%3D&oi=imagesr&start=2"
target="_top">occipital lobe</A>, but the occipital lobe is located at the
back of the head. Why would he aim the pen at the back of his head instead
of the side or front?"
<P><B>Reader Wumpus</B> says, "The bullet would have
had to enter from the back, because it wouldn't have enough force to pass
through the front of the face and reach the occipital lobe. A low-caliber
weapon might even bounce off the skull.	 Ronald Reagan was shot in the ribs
with a low-caliber weapon, and it just bounced off."
<P><B>Reader Alex</B>
argues, "A .22 cartridge has more than enough power to penetrate any area
of a human skull and pass through the brain, at point blank range or not.
Just pointing this out in case there is any one out there contemplating
putting the Hana theory to the test and unadvertedly taking out a Darwin
award."
<P><B>Wumpus</B> replies, "Alex must be thinking of a .22 fired from
a rifle, which has a lot more oomph, due to the rifling and the
acceleration of a longer barrel."
<P><B>Reader JD</B> clarifies, "It's called
the "Pengun", and it's 22LR. At 4-5 paces, that means; "OW! F*** you,
too!" Pressed against the brow, though... the local butcher uses the same
caliber to kill steers.	 I may be more thick-headed than the average man,
but I suspect cattle are more so..."
<P><B>Reader Cory</B> says, ".22 caliber
pistols were once the pistol of choice for assasins. They have enough power
to enter the skull, but not enough to come out the other side. While the
bullet is inside the skull however, it tends to bounce around like a
pinball shredding everything inside. So it very well could hit the lobe,
regardless of where the bullet entered."
<P><B>Ms. Darwin</B> concludes, "And that's the last I want to hear on this
subject! It's all hand-waving and speculation!	 Sheesh!"
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-reference: La Repubblica, La Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


