slug: darwin2005-12.md
jinja-title-full: 2005 Darwin Award: Tide Waits for No Man

jinja-summary: Tide Waits for No Man: A pickup truck was found abandoned in the surf off Crystal Beach. A tow truck driver was called in to remove it. He had barely moved the pickup a foot when he found the body of a 37-year-old man embedded beneath ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2005 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Tide Waits for No Man


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(23 May 2005, Texas) After surf-fishing on Crystal Beach, John was
fatigued, but unwilling to call it a night. The full moon threatened to
disturbed his nap, so John curled up for forty winks in the darkest place
available: underneath his truck, which was parked on the beach.

The next morning, a pickup truck was reported abandoned in the surf off
Crystal Beach.	A tow truck driver was called in, and had barely moved the
pickup a foot, when he found the body of a 37-year-old man embedded in the
sand beneath it.

It turned out that the truck was not abandoned, after all. As John slept,
time passed and the tide rolled back in. The wet sand shifted
beneath the truck's weight, and John was trapped beneath it, unable to
escape.	 The beach became his final resting place.

<B>Reader Debra</B> says, "Crystal Beach is a great place to go on a summer
day with a few ice cold beers, to watch the folks with out-of-state license
plates fly through the surf, fishtailing and throwing salt-water into the
engine compartment. Even funnier is when they park, and watch the tide
come in, shifting the sands, burying their axles...!"
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Jon Knighton, West Pearson, and a dozen more </A>

jinja-reference: Houston Chronicle, KLTV, KBTV

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2005.html -->


