slug: darwin2004-17.md
jinja-title-full: 2004 Darwin Award: Flying Dutchman

jinja-summary: Flying Dutchman: The Martinitower is the tallest building in the north part of the Netherlands, rising 96 meters above the polders. High winds blast the top, making it a frightening place for some sightseers. Fortunately, a balustra">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/martinitower.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2004 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Flying Dutchman

Unconfirmed by Darwin
jinja-status: draft

jinja-image-splash: /i/martinitower.jpg" alt="An
expansive city view with Martinitower, Netherlands, thrusting into the
sky.">

<p>(8 April 2004, Netherlands) Majestic Martinitower is the tallest
building in the northern Netherlands, rising 96 meters above the polders.
High winds blast the top, making it a frightening place for some

<span id="sidebar1">Polders: low-lying land reclaimed from the sea or a
river and protected by dikes, especially in the Netherlands.</span>

visitors. Fortunately a balustrade protects sightseers from accidentally
gusting right off the platform like a leaf! Built-in seats also keep you
away from the edge, and allow rest for weary feet after the onerous climb
to the top.

But these safety measures were mere inconvenience to a 20-year-old Niels,
who decided here-and-now impress his girlfriend with a devil-may-care
nonchalance. He climbed up on the balustrade and swung his legs to the
outside. Then, aided by a playful blast of wind, he 'slipped away' &mdash;
according to his father who added, 'He just liked to show off a little.'

<!-- Niels Offereins -->
</p>
<p class="smalltext" style="border: 1px solid hotpink; border-radius: 1rem; padding: 1rem;>
#InstantKarma<br>

"I am a leaf on the wind."
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=BnnCQlp2msk">-Firefly
2006</a>
<br>

"Cue Bob Dylan, Blowin' in the Wind." -Max F.<br>

"I believe I can vlaai...."-Shawn S, Johan P."<br>

"He made quite an impact on the world." --Joshua F.

</p>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Harmen Heuvelman</A>

jinja-reference: Algemeen Dagblad

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2004.html -->


