slug: darwin2003-01.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Shooting Blanks

jinja-summary: Shooting Blanks : Early one morning, police received a call warning that three robbers had invaded the bar of a Madrid brothel. The police dispatched several units, and confirmed that the call was true. Officers surrounded the building">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "thief,gun">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Shooting Blanks


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(11 March 2003, Spain) Early one morning, police received a call. Three
robbers had invaded a Madrid brothel! Officers surrounded the building,
and used a bullhorn to coax the offenders from the premises.

The robbers were understandably frightened to be surrounded by dozens of
policemen. But Instead of surrendering, they decided to go out in a blaze
of glory, and fled the building while shooting at everything in sight.	The
policemen ducked, covered, and shot back. Two running robbers were fatally
injured, and the third was wounded.

Why was the gunfight over so quickly? The three robbers were carrying REAL
guns loaded with FAKE ammunition. They were firing blanks, making enough
flash and thunder to fool the police into shooting back, but not enough to
actually help them escape.

<A href="http://www.terra.es/actualidad/articulo/html/act53463.htm">MEDIA REFERENCES</A>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: Javier "RAM" Bringas, <A
HREF="mailto:REMOVE-mpuchol@sonar-security.com">Mike Puchol</A>

jinja-reference: www.terra.es Terra Networks, South America

jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


