slug: darwin2009-22.md
jinja-title-full: 2009 Darwin Award: Dynamite Rancher

jinja-summary: Dynamite Rancher: Brent L.,
59, found a stash of dynamite in a shed on his 5000-acre ranch, which was
three miles from a booster rocket test site, ATK Thiokol testing area...">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "explosion, gun, macho">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/"/i/dynamite_grass.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2009 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Dynamite Rancher


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

jinja-image-aplash: /i/dynamite_grass.jpg alt="dynamite explosion in grass">

(8 May 2009, Utah) Brent L., 59, found a stash of dynamite in a shed on his
5000-acre ranch, located three miles from
the <A href="http://www.atk.com/">ATK Thiokol</A> booster rocket testing
area. Details about this stash are few: Chief Deputy Kevin Potter said,
"Whether the dynamite was his or whatever, that's yet to be determined."

Whatever its origins, the rancher was alarmed, and had good reason to
be. Old dynamite sweats nitroglycerine, and once it sweats, it is very
unstable and can POP anytime. This well-known fact was indubitably known by
the rancher, but this stash of flash was something he felt he could deal
with.

The rancher removed the dynamite from the shed, placed it in a field of
knee-high grass, backed away about forty yards and fired a shotgun at
it. The dynamite's response was to send shrapnel back at the rancher, and
the shrapnel scored a solid hit to the man's head.

The Box County Sheriff's office said they were "still looking into it" and
the dynamite exploded "for some reason." BUT the first medical team on the
scene reported that the man shot the dynamite from 40 yards. Brent L. was
air-lifted to the hospital, where he passed away.

References: The Deseret News, The Tremonton Leader, standard.net

Reader Comments:

"I think someone has been watching too many TV shows!"

"I wonder what gets into a guys head to make him shoot at a high explosive.... I guess the answer is shrapnel."

Gun, explosion, dynamite.

<A href="http://darwinawards.com/slush/200905/pending20090508-123754.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: Aaron Poole , Susan Gray

jinja-reference: Ogden Standard Examiner,

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2009.html -->


