slug: darwin2001-27.md
jinja-title-full: 2001 Darwin Award: Think Before You Leap

jinja-summary: Think Before You Leap: When his brakes failed while driving down a steep mountain road, Marco bailed out on his eight passengers and leapt from his Dodge van. Too bad Marco didn't alert the other passengers to the problem before he too">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2001 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Think Before You Leap


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

		<P>(21 July 2001, Idaho) When his brakes failed while driving down a steep mountain road, Marco bailed out on his eight passengers and leapt from his Dodge van. Too bad Marco didn't alert the others to the problem before he took flight so precipitously. Another passenger was able to bring the vehicle to a stop a short distance away. Marco struck his head on the pavement and died at the scene. No one else was injured.

		 <!-- Marco C. Amayo, 24, from Rupert -->

		</P>
		
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

<BR>
	 Submitted by: <A href="mailto:REMOVE-seanmelcapps@hotmail.com">Sean Capps </A>

<BR>
	 Reference: South Idaho Press
</FONT></P>
		<P align="left"><B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
		 &quot;Remember, try the brakes <U>twice</U> before leaping from a moving vehicle.&quot;
<BR>
		 &quot;Good advice: Don't exit your car until it has stopped moving.&quot;
<BR>
		 &quot;This is what happens when you overreact...!&quot;
<BR>
		 &quot;I think I dated him...&quot;<BR>
		 &quot;Objects in the rear view mirror look more
		 intelligent than they actually are.&quot;<BR>
		 And... &quot;Remember the old adage, he who hesitates is lost? Not this time. He who hesitated... lived!&quot;						 </P>
		
jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2001.html -->


