slug: darwin2015-01.md
jinja-title-full: 2015 Darwin Award: Gasping For Votes

jinja-summary: Gasping For Votes: A contentious issue in Canada during the 2015 elections was whether a person should be allowed to vote without showing their face. In the weeks leading up to voting day, scattered protesters covered their heads in">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2015 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Gasping For Votes


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
FALSE ALARM! This is NOT TRUE, I was fooled by a
submission in my slush pile to the parody "news"
site, <A href="https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Journal_de_Mourr%C3%A9al">Le
Journal de Mourreal.</A> Will remove this story on September 15th.

(19 October 2015, Canada) A contentious issue in Canada during the 2015
elections was the question of the faceless voter. Whether or not a person
should be allowed to vote with a concealed face was inciting passions
throughout the country!	 In the weeks leading up to October 19, scattered
protesters covered their heads in various clever ways to attract the
attention of the media.	 On Federal Election Day itself, many
joined the protest and hid their faces at the polls.

In Montreal, a 24-year-old voter took the blue ribbon by appearing at his
polling station with a plastic bag over his head! During the 45-minute wait
the protestor fainted, leading to death from "respiratory complications."
He did not reproduce AND he did not vote, resulting in a double
elimination.

<I>
"Darwin Winner Cuts Own Air Off To Spite His Face." -Casey Covington<BR>
"Don't hold your breath for social change!" -Kimberley Turner<BR>
"Canadian Protestor Bags Darwin Award!" -Lucas Czarnecki<BR>
"Very Inspiring Story." -Claudio Sorrentino<BR>
"He Came To A Bag End." -Rob Alexander<BR>
"Dead Right!" -Susie Chastain Ray<BR>
"Democracy is Suffocating." -Jeff Scott<BR>
<BR>
<BR>

<BR>
</I>

<A href="http://darwinawards.com/slush/201510/pending20151020-124351.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>

jinja-submitter: The Matrix

jinja-reference: http://www.journaldemourreal.com/vote-masque-il-meurt-asphyxie-alors-quil-sappretait-a-voter/

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2015.html -->


