slug: darwin2006-10.md
jinja-title-full: 2006 Darwin Award: Modern Armor

<META name="description" content="Darren was found slumped in the hallway bleeding from stab wounds. Police suspected an assailant had attacked him. But a year later, the inquest revealed he was testing if a new jacket was stab-proof...">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "knife">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/heart_knife.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2006 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Modern Armor


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft

<A href="/cgi/search.pl?keywords=category%3Dknife&swishindex=stories.data&show_description=yes&maxdisplay=10&maxresults=50">jinja-image-splash: /i/heart_knife.jpg" alt="Cartoon of a beautiful 3-D red heart, with a serious knife imbedded."></a>

(26 August 2006, Leicester, England) Darren's death was a mystery. The
33-year-old was found slumped in the hallway of his house, bleeding from
stab wounds to his chest. Police initially assumed that an assailant had
attacked him, but they could find no supporting evidence. A year later,
the inquest revealed why Darren can stake his claim to a seat at the
Winners Bench of Darwin Awardees.

<p>Darren had called a friend that day. Minutes after he rang off he rang
back to ask for an ambulance! The emergency responders said the front
door was ajar, and Darren was lying near a bloodstained lock-knife. The
knife was his own, purchased whilst on holiday in Spain.

<p>Forensics investigators saw no indication of a struggle. The coroner
reported that the stab wounds seemed to be self-inflicted.
<em>However Darren had shown no prior suicidal tendencies, and also had
called for an ambulance. Puzzling...</em>

<p>His wife, who was on holiday at the time of the incident, was able to
clear up the matter and revealed why our subject will go down in history
as a Darwin Award winner. As she was leaving for holiday, she remembered
that <strong> Darren wondered aloud whether his new jacket was
'stab-proof.'</strong>

That's right: Darren, alone and bored, had decided to 'funk around and find
out' if his jacket could withstand a knife attack! He used his Spanish
steel blade, and did not bother to test his jacket while it was draped over
the back of a chair. No, our man thought that the best approach was <em>to
wear the garment and stab himself.</em>

Sadly, his jacket-armor proved less resistant to a sharp blade than he had
hoped. The coroner reached a verdict of accidental death by
'misadventure'.

<FONT size="-1">
<A href="/slush/200709/pending20070903-081152.html">MEDIA REFERENCES</A><BR>
<A href="/darwin/darwin1993-09.html">Related Darwin Award: Death of Dracula</A><BR>
<A href="/personal/personal1999-19.html">Related Personal Account: Flak Vest Test</A>

<FONT size=-1><B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
"Shanks for nothing."<BR>
"Take a stab at it."<BR>
"Unfortunately he was never able to try out his bulletproof pants."
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Vince Warrington</A>

jinja-reference: www.thisisglenfield.com

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2006.html -->


