slug: darwin2003-07.md
jinja-title-full: 2003 Darwin Award: Slaughterhouse Robbery

jinja-summary: Slaughterhouse Robbery: Three men wielding knives tried to rob a slaughterhouse. But the butchers working in the slaughterhouse were more skilled with sharp edges, and stabbed two of them to death. The third man escaped from the angry ">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2003 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Slaughterhouse Robbery

Unconfirmed by Darwin

jinja-status: draft
(12 February 2003) Three men wielding knives tried to rob a
slaughterhouse. But when it comes to hand to hand combat with sharp blades,
butchers working in a slaughterhouse are more than a match for your average
thief.	They stabbed two of the intruders to death. The third man escaped
from the angry butchers and fled in his car.

Police soon spotted him, and after a brief car chase, the would-be thief
pulled over and leapt from his vehicle.	 But instead of fleeing into the
underbrush, he tried to dodge heavy traffic and escape across the highway.
Perhaps he thought that threatening butchers with knives was not a
sufficient demonstration of his intelligence.

Within seconds, the natural
justice system meted out his punishment in the form of a large truck, which
struck and killed him.
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Wieger van der Meulen</A>, <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Eye Wiersema</A>

jinja-solicit-input:

<TABLE border=0 width=80% cellpadding="10">
<TR>
<TD align=center>

<P align="center"><FONT size="+2" color="#333399">
<B><I>What Readers Think</I></B></FONT></P>

<!-- comment -->




<!--#include file=nav_2003.html -->


