slug: darwin2001-14.md
jinja-title-full: 2001 Darwin Award: Thirst for Death

jinja-summary: Thirst for Death: The west coast of New Zealand is threaded with narrow, windy roads that climb and descend the hills at improbable angles. A Christchurch driver with little patience for those dangerous curves was preparing a hot cup o">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2001 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Thirst for Death


jinja-confirmed:

jinja-status: draft
(18 January 2001, New Zealand) The west coast of New Zealand is threaded with narrow, windy roads that climb and descend the hills at improbable angles. A Christchurch driver with little patience for those dangerous curves was preparing a hot cup of tea in her car when she learned one last lesson about respect for the road.

Nothing, but nothing, could keep her from her afternoon tea that day. Well all right, one thing could keep her from her tea. Karma. While she was trying to brew a cuppa, her car plunged over a precipice and into a creek. The woman was found dead three days later, still holding a box of teabags, with a mug wedged against the steering wheel and a thermos of hot water beneath her feet.

There were no brake marks on the road.	<!-- Theby Pamela Caukwell, 59 -->
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-braishert@landcare.cri.nz">Tamsin Braisher</A>

jinja-reference: The New Zealand Press

<P align=center><A href="http://forum.DarwinAwards.com/index.php?act=ST&f=2&t=4210">
Discussion of This Story's Merits</A></P>


jinja-solicit-input:



<!--#include file=nav_2001.html -->


