slug: darwin2005-10.md
jinja-title-full: 2005 Darwin Award: What I Can Still Do

jinja-summary: What I Can Still Do: Two North Fort Myers residents, 23-year-old Molly and her husband, had rented a room in a local motel for some unspecified activity, perhaps involving perpetuation of the species. As Molly entered the second-flo">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags:

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/death_ponders.jpeg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2005 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: What I Can Still Do


jinja-confirmed:
jinja-status: draft
(16 January 2005, Florida) Two North Fort Myers residents, 23-year-old
Molly and her husband, had rented a room in a local motel for some
unspecified activity, perhaps involving perpetuation of the species. As
Molly entered the second-floor room, she went straight for the lanai, which
overlooked a concrete patio. Most guests would have seen the railing on the
edge of the lanai as a safety feature, but for Molly it brought to mind
fond memories of her youthful gymnastic abilities.

Molly called out to Todd, "Watch to see what I can still do." These would
be her last words. She did a flip onto the balcony railing for a handstand,
just the way she used to do, then toppled over the other side, slamming
into the patio 15 feet below. She was pronounced dead at the hospital.

<B>Reader Comments:</B><BR>
<FONT size="-1">
"Molly, Molly, Molly."
"She was just dying to impress him! LOL"<BR>
"Agility does NOT equal intelligence (apparently.)"<BR>
"Bet that wasn't the type of action he was looking for..."
</FONT>
<P align=center>
<!--#include virtual="/inc/votebar_viewvoteonly" -->

jinja-submitter: <A HREF="mailto:REMOVE-">Bob R, Ed, Doug Meckelnburg, Bluedive, Joseph Sexton, Hugh Deal, Hannah Pederson. R. Barnard, Zosimus, Rebecca Anderson, themadhobbit, and dozens more</A>

jinja-reference: Fort Myers News-Press, AP

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:



<!--#include file=nav_2005.html -->


