slug: darwin2019-05.md
jinja-title-full: 2019 Darwin Award: Boomerang Drone Zone

jinja-summary: Boomerang Drone Zone: An ISIS fighter in Iraq was killed by hxx own drone, launched to attack UK Troops based near Mosul. A security source reported, 'This idiot wired up a drone with explosives, but was killed when the batteries...">

jinja-keywords:
jinja-tags: "drone, explosion, military">

jinja-modified:

jinja-og-image: https://darwinawards.com/i/drone_explosion.jpg">

jinja-authors: Wendy

jinja-date: 2019 Darwin Awards


jinja-title: Boomerang Drone Zone

Unconfirmed by Darwin<BR>
WRITER: James G. Petropolous & Wendy Northcutt

jinja-image-aplash: /i/drone_explosion.jpg
alt="exploding drone, CREDIT www.progressivedairy.com">

(May 2019, Iraq) <I><U>A Weaponized Drone Incident</U></I> is the
source of many good laughs among British Troops and keeps morale high. They
hope that publicizing it will serve as a deterrent to ISIS insurgents.

An ISIS fighter in Iraq was killed by the drone s/he launched to attack UK
Troops based near Mosul. A UK security source reported, "This idiot wired
up a drone with explosives, but was killed when the batteries ran low and
the drone flew home," detonating over the ISIS fighter's head with fatal
consequences.

ISIS is seen by the West as an insurgent horde attempting to return the
medieval Islamic Caliphate to Iraq and other areas of the Middle
East. Western military superiority vastly eclipses ISIS' improvised
weaponry, ingeniously assembled from low cost consumer items.

For instance, they wire up drones with C5 explosives and detonate them
above coalition forces. But the tables turned when, unbeknownst to them,
they purchased drones pre-programmed to return to base in the event of a
low battery.

Drones have been around for a hundred years. UNMANNED experimental aircraft
took flight in World War I, and the first QUADROCOPTER <B>'soared to
success'</B> in 1923. These were developed by the US Military Forces, and
ridiculously, prohibitively expensive for consumers.

But miniaturization technology <B>evolved</B> and lowered the pony ante to
an attractive consumer price point. In early 2000, ordinary people were
lofting the drones to capture impressive && monumentally spectacular photos
from angles <U>hitherto unattainable</U> - how exciting it was to soar like
a bird! Drones now range from palm-sized to beefy models with big
payloads and advanced maneuverability.

Sadly, hobby drones are often lost. Crashing in an inaccessible crevice due to low batteries... such a downer. Drone users become sorrowful about losing their Precious, and in response manufacturers upped their offerings to include a <U>back-to-base safety feature.</U>
<BR>
---
<BR>
Truthy? or Bogus? Weigh in, dear reader, authentic? It is NOT debunked on
Snopes.com but The Sun (hm) is the sole reference, no specific date or name
is quoted, and ironically this was published on 9/11/19 by "Truman
Tribune." Perhaps the tale is a synthesis of true events. Urban Legend or Darwin Award?

jinja-reference: https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9797095/isis-fighter-killed-by-drone-bomb/ https://www.thetrumantribune.com/articles/killer-drone-boomerangs-back-to-kill-isis-fighter/

jinja-solicit-input:

jinja-reader-comments:





