title: Molten Man, Pompeii And Circumstance
slug: lava-walker-ignored-warning-signs
summary: The 75 year old was game for an off-limits sortie into Volcanoes National Park. A resident of the nearby town of Hilo, the elder hiker was well aware of lava's distinctive molten danger. Probably had a picture of
tags: volcano, falling
date-edit:
image-splash: https://darwinawards.com/i/pompeii.jpeg
image-alt: At Pompeii Italy a preserved volcano explosion victim lies in ancient dust
author: Wendy
date: January 2, 2022
location: Hawaii
country: USA
confirmed: 
original-submission: https://darwinawards.com/slush/new/pending20220104-175312.html
reference: https://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/2022/01/03/75-year-old-dies-after-100-foot-fall-hawaii-volcanoes-national-park/
solicit-input:
reader-comments:
status:


<p>
(2 January 2022, Hawaii USA) The man was 75 but still game for an off-limits sortie into Volcanoes National Park. As a resident of the nearby town of Hilo, the elder hiker was well aware of lava's distinctive molten danger. Probably had a picture of Pompeii on the wall. Yet this midnight hike past a 'WARNING YOU WILL DIE!' sign--all locals know better--seemed sensible to him. How cool to see the hot red glow of lava at night, right?
<P>
Mesmerizing lava was the siren song that lured this old boy to a magnificent sight and a midnight death. "Natural Laws Have No Pity," deceased author Robert Heinlein commented to the luckless volcano-vanquished chap, as he woke up in the afterlife. I hereby suggest that this man is worthy of an award for his red-blooded stupidity.
<P>
Can we give a Darwin Award to an oldster and not bellow about how he
already is done reproducing, my dear readers? I cannot help but love
these confrontations with nature, esp. when they happen to...

<details><summary><strong>My own family...</strong></summary>...behaved
crazy stupid visiting Hawaii's Big Island. It was a horror. Relatives
called me, "Take a picture of us BEHIND THIS SIGN!" The sign said, 'Do
Not Go Beyond This Point, YOU WILL DIE.'"Get back this side of that
sign!" I urged. But they just laughed and stomped their feet on the
wrinkled lava, demanding a photo.</details>
<P>
The old man's family reported the Darwin Award nominee missing at midnight
on Sunday evening, and his body was recovered 8 hours later at 8AM Monday
morning. It's not the end-all of the 2022 Darwin Awards, yet Mr Lava Melt
certainly deserves his hour of notoriety.
<P>
