title: Pastor Shawn Meets His Maker
summary: Pastor Shawn Meets His Maker: Boating on Lake Seminole was a delight to Shawn and his friend, up until his boat began to founder. And he had no life vest! But no worry. Other boaters on the lake called the Pinellas County Sheriff Rescue...
tags: water, macho
slug: walking-on-water-paster-meets-jesus
date-edit:
author: Wendy
date: March 18, 2022
confirmed: 
image-splash: /i/lakeseminole.jpeg
image-alt: A night shot of Lake Seminole taken by the Pinellas County Sheriff, full moon in the background.
iage-credit: Pinellas County Sheriff
original-submission: https://darwinawards.com/slush/new/pending20220322-193845.html">ORIGINAL SUBMISSION</A>
submitter: Anonymoose
reference: <a href="https://www.abcactionnews.com/news/local-news/first-responders-looking-for-missing-man-in-lake-seminole">abcactionnews.com</a>, <a href="https://www.hastingstribune.com/after-rescue-florida-pastor-returns-to-lake-and-drowns/article_ec44fde4-a191-5f5c-9ccc-fbd4100a9d1b.html">hastingstribune.com</a>
status:


(Florida) Boating on Lake Seminole was a delight to Shawn
and his friend, up until his boat began to founder. And he had no life
vest! But no worry. Other boaters on the lake called the Pinellas County
Sheriff Rescue team, and on Friday afternoon shortly after 2pm they were
safe on land again. Catastrophe averted. Kiss the earth.
<P>
But Pastor Shawnm, 39, evidently wanted more of the same. He called a friend to
ferry him back out on the lake, so he could rescue the ship-in-distress. OK
well that's understandable. <strong>But, again without a life jacket? Hm.</strong>
<P>
Around 5:30pm Poor Pastor Shawn tried to transfer to the little boat, and
actually capsized it! Not so easy to jump from one boat to another, right?
Especially when it is already foundering. Now Poor Pastor Shawn was
definitely <em>in the drink.</em> <strong>No life vest and unable to swim. Hm.</strong>
</p>
<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HA0igjCNJOw" title="YouTube
video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay;
clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<p>
For sure, his buddy tried to save him, but was unable to pull the pastor
out. And why was he unable to get the pastor out of the water? Because it
is super tricky to heave a body into a boat. It requires strength and
practice, and sailors learn to <strong>grab ahold of the life vest</strong>
and forcefully hoist the person in.
<p>
People don't have handles.
<p>
So many choice points what? Can't swim. The boat is sinking. You try to
rescue it without a life vest. And you incautiously plunge into the water,
to boot. Are you thinking God helps those who hobble themselves?
<P>
The pastor could not walk on water, he could not swim in water, he could
not leave the water, the only remaining option was to
sink. Reluctant to stereotype, yet <strong>he was indeed a Florida
man.</strong>
<P>
Pinellas County Sheriff arrived at 5:42pm and rescue divers searched for
four hours and finally located the body. Poor choices, poor Pastor Shawn,
where did you go wrong?
<p>
